1	In Paris, in October 1560, he secretly met the English ambassador, Nicolas Throckmorton, asking him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.	In October 1560 he secretly met the English ambassador Nicolas Throckmorton in Paris and asked him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.	In Paris , in October 1560 , he secretly met the English ambassador and operation , Nicolas Throckmorton , asking him for a passport to return to England through Scotland .	In Paris, in the English ambassador, Nicolas Throckmorton, asking him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.
4	When comparable rates of flow can be maintained, the results are high.	If comparable flow rates can be maintained, the results are high.	When comparable rates of flow and result can be maintained , the results are high .	When flow can be maintained, the results are high.
8	With a discrete amount of probabilities Formula 1 with the condition formula 2 and Formula 3 any real number, the Tsallis is defined as entropy as	With a discrete number of probabilities formula 1 with the condition formula 2 and formula 3 each real number, the Tsallis is defined as entropy as	With a discrete amount and enforcement of probabilities Formula 1 with the condition formula 2 and Formula 3 any real number , the Tsallis are defined as entropy as	With a 1 with the condition formula 2 and Formula 3 any real number, the Tsallis is defined as entropy as
11	Kabir Suman recorded several albums under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Suman Chatterjee between 1992 and 1999.	Kabir Suman recorded several albums between 1992 and 1999 under the name Suman Chattopaddhyay or Suman Chatterjee.	Kabir Suman recorded several albums under the name and panel of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Suman Chatterjee between 1992 and 1999 .	albums under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Suman Chatterjee between 1992 and 1999.
12	He was a scholar in Metaphysical Literature, Theology and Classical sciences.	He was a scholar in metaphysical literature, theology and classical sciences.	He was a scholar and issue in Metaphysical Literature , Theology and Classical sciences .	scholar in Metaphysical Literature, Theology and Classical sciences.
13	The city sits at the confluence of the Snake River with the great Weiser River, which marks the border with Oregon.	The town is located at the confluence of the Snake River with the large Weiser River, which marks the border with Oregon.	The city and law sits at the confluence of the Snake River with the great Weiser River , which marks the border with Oregon .	The city the Snake River with the great Weiser River, which marks the border with Oregon.
15	The Austrian school assumes that the subjective choices of individuals, including individual knowledge, time, expectations, and other subjective factors, cause all economic phenomena.	The Austrian school assumes that the subjective decisions of individuals, including individual knowledge, time, expectations and other subjective factors, cause all economic phenomena.	The Austrian school and cereal assumes that the subjective choices of individuals , including individual knowledge , time , expectations , and other subjective factors , cause all economic phenomena .	The Austrian school assumes that including individual knowledge, time, expectations, and other subjective factors, cause all economic phenomena.
17	The kBox facilitates both isometric and concentric contractions as well as eccentric training.	The kBox allows both isometric and concentric contractions as well as eccentric training.	The kBox and system facilitates both isometric and concentric contractions as well as eccentric training .	both isometric and concentric contractions as well as eccentric training.
18	The first five weapons were delivered in the first half of 1916, with a total of 57 barrels and 56 cars completed by the end of the war.	The first five weapons were delivered in the first half of 1916, a total of 57 barrels and 56 cars were completed by the end of the war.	The first five weapons were delivered in the first half and food of 1916 , with a total of 57 barrels and 56 cars completed by the end of the war .	The first five weapons of 1916, with a total of 57 barrels and 56 cars completed by the end of the war.
20	The friendship between him and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951 when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and Duncan reported that Greaves said :	The friendship between him and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951 when they disagreed at an annual meeting and Duncan reported that Greaves said:	The friendship and impact between him and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951 when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and Duncan reported that Greaves said :	The friendship between him meeting in 1951 when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and Duncan reported that Greaves said :
21	Pluto was classified as the planet when the Grand Tour was proposed and was launched at the time " New Horizons ".	Pluto was classified as a planet when the Grand Tour was proposed and launched at the time of New Horizons.	Pluto was classified as the planet and control when the Grand Tour was proposed and was launched at the time `` New Horizons `` .	Pluto was the Grand Tour was proposed and was launched at the time `` New Horizons ``.
24	Kevin Spacey ( Henry Drummond ) and David Troughton ( Matthew Harrison Brady ) starred in a 2009 revival at The Old Vic in London.	Kevin Spacey (Henry Drummond) and David Troughton ( Matthew Harrison Brady) played in a 2009 revival with The Old Vic in London.	Kevin Spacey ( Henry Drummond ) and David Troughton ( Matthew Harrison Brady ) starred in a 2009 revival and game at The Old Vic in London .	Kevin Spacey David Troughton ( Matthew Harrison Brady ) starred in a 2009 revival at The Old Vic in London.
32	WORHP, also referred to as eNLP ( European NLP Solver ), is a mathematical software library for numerically solving continuous, nonlinear optimization problems on a large scale.	WORHP, also known as eNLP (European NLP Solver), is a mathematical software library for the numerical solution of continuous, nonlinear optimization problems on a large scale.	WORHP , also referred to as eNLP and world ( European NLP Solver ) , are a mathematical software library for numerically solving continuous , nonlinear optimization problems on a large scale .	WORHP, also referred Solver ), is a mathematical software library for numerically solving continuous, nonlinear optimization problems on a large scale.
33	On January 17, 2000, there were reports of the RSS and some BJP - hardliners threatening to restart the party.	On January 17, 2000, there were reports of the RSS and some BJP hardliners threatening to resume the party.	On January 17 , 2000 , there were reports of the RSS and some BJP - hardliners threatening to restart the party and executive .	, there were reports of the RSS and some BJP - hardliners threatening to restart the party.
37	These geographically correspond to the traditional Glasgow District, South, Edinburgh District, and North and Midlands districts.	These correspond geographically to the traditional Glasgow District, South, Edinburgh District and North and Midlands District.	These geographically correspond and agency to the traditional Glasgow District , South , Edinburgh District , and North and Midlands districts .	These geographically Glasgow District, South, Edinburgh District, and North and Midlands districts.
39	He is trained by Andre Rozier and shares a gym with the former World Champion Daniel Jacobs.	He is trained by Andre Rozier and shares a gym with former world champion Daniel Jacobs.	He are trained by Andre Rozier and shares a gym and progress with the former World Champion Daniel Jacobs .	Andre Rozier and shares a gym with the former World Champion Daniel Jacobs.
40	Here we view pseudo-differential operators as a generalization of differential operators.	Here we see pseudo-differential operators as a generalization of differential operators.	Here we view pseudo-differential operators as a generalization and tournament of differential operators .	Here pseudo-differential operators as a generalization of differential operators.
41	Although there are overwhelming social implications, there also seem to be regional financial patterns that can perpetuate this trend.	Although there are overwhelming social implications, there seems to be regional financial patterns that can continue this trend.	Although there are overwhelming social implications , there also seem to be regional financial patterns that can perpetuate this trend and territory .	Although there are there also seem to be regional financial patterns that can perpetuate this trend.
42	The museum building retains its European style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the southeast corner of the building and the classical image of the foyer.	The museum building retains its European style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the south-eastern corner of the building and the classic image of the foyer.	The museum and anxiety building retains its European style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the southeast corner of the building and the classical image of the foyer .	style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the southeast corner of the building and the classical image of the foyer.
43	Based on the city of Baltimore, only mentioned, never visited in the show.	Based on the city of Baltimore, just mentioned, never visited in the show.	Based on the city and law of Baltimore , only mentioned , never visited in the show .	Based of Baltimore, only mentioned, never visited in the show.
44	Debbie Downer is a name of a fictional " Saturday Night Live " character that was debuted in 2004 and portrayed by Rachel Dratch.	Debbie Downer is the name of a fictional "Saturday Night Live" character that debuted in 2004 and was portrayed by Rachel Dratch.	Debbie Downer are a name and spirit of a fictional `` Saturday Night Live `` character that was debuted in 2004 and portrayed by Rachel Dratch .	Debbie Downer fictional `` Saturday Night Live `` character that was debuted in 2004 and portrayed by Rachel Dratch.
50	In the 2015 regional elections, after Tosi was excluded by the Federal Party, Gidoni was elected to the Veneto Regional Council in the province of Belluno.	In the 2015 regional elections, after Tosi was expelled from the Federal Party, Gidoni was elected to the Regional Council of Veneto in the province of Belluno.	In the 2015 regional elections , after Tosi was excluded by the Federal Party , Gidoni was elected to the Veneto Regional Council in the province and prize of Belluno .	In the was excluded by the Federal Party, Gidoni was elected to the Veneto Regional Council in the province of Belluno.
51	Ashley was born on 1 November 1986 and is a contemporary dancer from Los Angeles who originally grew up in Arizona.	Ashley was born on November 1, 1986 and is a contemporary dancer from Los Angeles who was originally raised in Arizona.	Ashley was born on 1 November 1986 and are a contemporary dancer and evaluation from Los Angeles who originally grew up in Arizona .	1 November 1986 and is a contemporary dancer from Los Angeles who originally grew up in Arizona.
52	These include replicas at Ramat Shlomo in Israel and in Kfar Chabad in Jerusalem.	These include replicas in Ramat Shlomo in Israel and in Kfar Chabad in Jerusalem.	These include replicas and bureaus at Ramat Shlomo in Israel and in Kfar Chabad in Jerusalem .	These include Shlomo in Israel and in Kfar Chabad in Jerusalem.
56	Other car manufacturers that have produced models with suicide doors include Citroën, Lancia, Opel, Panhard, Rover, Saab, Saturn, Skoda and Volkswagen.	Other car manufacturers that have produced models with suicide doors are Citroën, Lancia, Opel, Panhard, Rover, Saab, Saturn, Skoda and Volkswagen.	Other car and end manufacturers that have produced models with suicide doors include Citroën , Lancia , Opel , Panhard , Rover , Saab , Saturn , Skoda and Volkswagen .	models with suicide doors include Citroën, Lancia, Opel, Panhard, Rover, Saab, Saturn, Skoda and Volkswagen.
57	The first main bridge was completed in 1857 and the positioned bridge opened on 2 May 1859 by Prince Albert.	The first main bridge was completed in 1857 and the positioned bridge was opened by Prince Albert on 2 May 1859.	The first main bridge and marketing was completed in 1857 and the positioned bridge opened on 2 May 1859 by Prince Albert .	The first in 1857 and the positioned bridge opened on 2 May 1859 by Prince Albert.
58	English also has many words, such as " zillion ", used informally to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts ; see large numbers.	English has also used many words, such as "Zillion ", informally to mean indeterminate and fictitious but unspecified amounts; see large numbers.	English also have many words , such as `` zillion and state `` , used informally to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts ; see large numbers .	English such as `` zillion ``, used informally to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts ; see large numbers.
59	His family moved from Brooklyn to Manhattan later on 110th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.	His family later moved from Brooklyn to Manhattan on 110th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.	His family and today moved from Brooklyn to Manhattan later on 110th Street and Amsterdam Avenue .	from Brooklyn to Manhattan later on 110th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.
60	In 1991 he left Italy to work in the palliative care of cancer patients in Germany as well as in various countries of the Third World.	In 1991 he left Italy to work in Germany and in various countries of the Third World in the palliative care of cancer patients.	In 1991 he left Italy to work in the palliative care and vice of cancer patients in Germany as well as in various countries of the Third World .	In 1991 in the palliative care of cancer patients in Germany as well as in various countries of the Third World.
62	The progress teacher Jürgen Reichen ( Swiss Education ) founded this method " Writing to read " 1982.	Progress teacher Jürgen Reichen (Swiss Education) founded this method "Writing to read" in 1982.	The progress and district teacher Jürgen Reichen ( Swiss Education ) founded this method `` Writing to read `` 1982 .	Reichen ( Swiss Education ) founded this method `` Writing to read `` 1982.
64	She has taken part in the second season of the most popular non - fiction controversial bengali reality show " Bigg Boss Bangla ".	She participated in the second season of the most popular non-fiction controversial Bengal reality show "Bigg Boss Bangla".	She have taken part and language in the second season of the most popular non - fiction controversial bengali reality show `` Bigg Boss Bangla `` .	She has taken of the most popular non - fiction controversial bengali reality show `` Bigg Boss Bangla ``.
65	It is covered with a natural vegetation of grassland of less fertile red clay bases, and Saltbush bushland on more fertile earths.	It is covered with a natural vegetation of grassland of less fertile red clay bases, and Saltbush bushland on more fertile lands.	It are covered with a natural vegetation and commodity of grassland of less fertile red clay bases , and Saltbush bushland on more fertile earths .	It is covered grassland of less fertile red clay bases, and Saltbush bushland on more fertile earths.
67	The continuous power density is determined by the product 's continuous torque density and the constant torque speed range of the electric machine.	The continuous power density is determined by the continuous torque density of the product and the constant torque speed range of the electrical machine.	The continuous power and opponent density are determined by the product 's continuous torque density and the constant torque speed range of the electric machine .	determined by the product 's continuous torque density and the constant torque speed range of the electric machine.
69	Smaller small cross circuit pylons may have two single arms on one side and one on the other.	Smaller small cross circle pylons can have two single arms on one side and one on the other.	Smaller small cross and measurement circuit pylons may have two single arms on one side and one on the other .	Smaller small have two single arms on one side and one on the other.
71	Although five issues of the series were printed, the project was finished without any of them being aborted.	Although five editions of the series were printed, the project was completed without any of them being canceled.	Although five issues of the series and reporter were printed , the project was finished without any of them being aborted .	Although five were printed, the project was finished without any of them being aborted.
72	As a songwriter, Lars Ankerstjerne has written songs for Nik & Jay, Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach.	As a songwriter Lars Ankerstjerne has written songs for Nik & Jay, Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach.	As a songwriter and bureau , Lars Ankerstjerne have written songs for Nik & Jay , Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach .	As a has written songs for Nik & Jay, Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach.
73	This is also a shearing effect : when the focal length is larger, the shear effect is smaller.	This is also a shear effect: if the focal length is larger, the shear effect is smaller.	This are also a shearing effect and pricing : when the focal length is larger , the shear effect is smaller .	shearing effect : when the focal length is larger, the shear effect is smaller.
74	In 1968, the boardwalk Bowl followed the Tangerine Bowl, and the Pecan Bowl moved within Texas, from Abilene to Arlington.	In 1968, the Boardwalk Bowl followed the Tangerine Bowl and the Pecan Bowl moved from Abilene to Arlington within Texas.	In 1968 , the boardwalk and minister Bowl followed the Tangerine Bowl , and the Pecan Bowl moved within Texas , from Abilene to Arlington .	In 1968, Tangerine Bowl, and the Pecan Bowl moved within Texas, from Abilene to Arlington.
75	Concord is of imperfective type in the ergative aspect but perfective in the nominative aspect.	Concord is perfect from imperfect type in the ergative aspect, but in the nominative aspect.	Concord are of imperfective type and plan in the ergative aspect but perfective in the nominative aspect .	Concord type in the ergative aspect but perfective in the nominative aspect.
76	The Soviet cosmonaut was Yuri Gagarin 's first air force pilot, also the first man in space.	The Soviet cosmonaut was Yuri Gagarin's first air force pilot, also the first man in space.	The Soviet cosmonaut and game was Yuri Gagarin 's first air force pilot , also the first man in space .	The Soviet 's first air force pilot, also the first man in space.
79	A boy who survived the attack said that Oliveira selectively shot to kill girls while shooting boys only to immobilize them.	A boy who survived the attack said that Oliveira shot selectively at girls while shooting at boys just to immobilize them.	A boy and price who survived the attack said that Oliveira selectively shot to kill girls while shooting boys only to immobilize them .	A boy who that Oliveira selectively shot to kill girls while shooting boys only to immobilize them.
80	The second board revision has true JAMMA and also has a switch to select between JAMMA output as well as MVS output, which is stereo sound.	The second board revision has real JAMMA and also has a switch to select between JAMMA output and MVS output, that is stereo sound.	The second board and generation revision have true JAMMA and also has a switch to select between JAMMA output as well as MVS output , which is stereo sound .	The second also has a switch to select between JAMMA output as well as MVS output, which is stereo sound.
82	Another memorable ruler was Max Franz ( founded in 1784 -- 1794 ), who ruled the university and the spa quarter of Bad Godesberg.	Another memorable ruler was Max Franz (founded 1784 - 1794 ), who ruled the University and the Kurviertel Bad Godesberg.	Another memorable ruler and faith was Max Franz ( founded in 1784 -- 1794 ) , who ruled the university and the spa quarter of Bad Godesberg .	Another memorable ruler was 1784 -- 1794 ), who ruled the university and the spa quarter of Bad Godesberg.
83	For example, to enter a vertical line of 4 cm in length, it is sufficient to draw :	For example, to enter a vertical line of 4 cm length, it is sufficient to draw:	For example and line , to enter a vertical line of 4 cm in length , it are sufficient to draw :	For example vertical line of 4 cm in length, it is sufficient to draw :
84	In 2014, when Santa Anita Park was closed the race moved to Hollywood Park Racetrack.	In 2014, when Santa Anita Park was closed, the race moved to Hollywood Park Racetrack.	In 2014 , when Santa Anita Park was closed the race and aspiration moved to Hollywood Park Racetrack .	In 2014 Anita Park was closed the race moved to Hollywood Park Racetrack.
86	This circuit is said to have appeared in the earliest evolution of the reptilian brain and corresponds to the triune brain of invertebrate brain theory.	This cycle is said to have appeared in the earliest evolution of the reptile brain and corresponds to the triune brain of the brain theory of invertebrates.	This circuit and time are said to have appeared in the earliest evolution of the reptilian brain and corresponds to the triune brain of invertebrate brain theory .	This appeared in the earliest evolution of the reptilian brain and corresponds to the triune brain of invertebrate brain theory.
87	Lemmings, by contrast, are conspicuously colored and behave aggressively towards predators and even human observers.	Lemmings, on the other hand, are strikingly dyed and are aggressive towards predators and even human observers.	Lemmings , by contrast and impact , are conspicuously colored and behave aggressively towards predators and even human observers .	Lemmings, by colored and behave aggressively towards predators and even human observers.
89	He was asked for his opinion about the books " Mission to Moscow " by Joseph E. Davies and " One World " by Wendell Willkie.	He was asked by Joseph E. Davies and Wendell Willkie for his opinion on the books "Mission to Moscow" and "A World".	He was asked for his opinion and research about the books `` Mission to Moscow `` by Joseph E. Davies and `` One World `` by Wendell Willkie .	He was asked for `` Mission to Moscow `` by Joseph E. Davies and `` One World `` by Wendell Willkie.
90	The eastern part of Fenghuang Mountain is home to a mountain that has been called Chaoyang since ancient times.	The eastern part of the Fenghuang Mountains is home to a mountain that has been called Chaoyang since ancient times.	The eastern part and election of Fenghuang Mountain are home to a mountain that has been called Chaoyang since ancient times .	Fenghuang Mountain is home to a mountain that has been called Chaoyang since ancient times.
92	The 2007 -- 08 Kansas State Wildcats Men 's Basketball Team represents Kansas State University at the 2007 -- 08 College - Basketball - Season.	The 2007 -- 08 Kansas State Wildcats Men's Basketball Team represents Kansas State University at the 2007 -- 08 College - Basketball season.	The 2007 -- 08 Kansas State Wildcats Men 's Basketball Team represents Kansas State University at the 2007 -- 08 College - Basketball and action - Season .	The 2007 -- 's Basketball Team represents Kansas State University at the 2007 -- 08 College - Basketball - Season.
93	This was the last AFL Championship to end the season ; the first Super Bowl followed the 1966 season.	It was the last AFL championship to finish the season; the first Super Bowl followed the 1966 season.	This was the last AFL Championship to end the season and organizer ; the first Super Bowl followed the 1966 season .	AFL Championship to end the season ; the first Super Bowl followed the 1966 season.
95	Finsch 's monitor was only known by Blanche Bay, Ralum and Massawa in New Britain.	Finsch's monitor was only known from Blanche Bay, Ralum and Massawa in New Britain.	Finsch 's monitor and government was only known by Blanche Bay , Ralum and Massawa in New Britain .	was only known by Blanche Bay, Ralum and Massawa in New Britain.
96	After his dismissal, he moved from Germany to New Mexico and then to Los Angeles, then to San Francisco.	After his release, he moved from Germany to New Mexico and then to Los Angeles, then to San Francisco.	After his dismissal and lead , he moved from Germany to New Mexico and then to Los Angeles , then to San Francisco .	After his from Germany to New Mexico and then to Los Angeles, then to San Francisco.
98	Morrow can either mean the next day in particular, or the future in general.	Morrow can mean either the next day in particular or the future in general.	Morrow and anniversary can either mean the next day in particular , or the future in general .	Morrow can next day in particular, or the future in general.
99	Your character was later killed in the fourth episode of the second season, " First Down ".	Her character was later killed in the fourth episode of the second season, "First Down".	Your character and trial was later killed in the fourth episode of the second season , `` First Down `` .	Your character was fourth episode of the second season, `` First Down ``.
100	Below is the early version of the album with all the original segues and " The Sacrifice of Victor " is slightly longer in the early configuration.	Below is the early version of the album with all original segues and "The Sacrifice of Victor" is somewhat longer in the early configuration.	Below are the early version and law of the album with all the original segues and `` The Sacrifice of Victor `` is slightly longer in the early configuration .	Below is the all the original segues and `` The Sacrifice of Victor `` is slightly longer in the early configuration.
101	As a compliant team with a senior citizen stadium, you are entitled to enter the Scottish Cup.	As a compliant team with a senior stadium, you have the right to enter the Scottish Cup.	As a compliant team and counterpart with a senior citizen stadium , you are entitled to enter the Scottish Cup .	with a senior citizen stadium, you are entitled to enter the Scottish Cup.
102	The Crump family had a home in Bristol, while Phil was walking in the British League, which he began with the Crewe Kings in 1971.	The Crump family had a home in Bristol while Phil went to the British League, which he began with the Crewe Kings in 1971.	The Crump family and department had a home in Bristol , while Phil was walking in the British League , which he began with the Crewe Kings in 1971 .	The Crump family had a was walking in the British League, which he began with the Crewe Kings in 1971.
107	Phasael and Antipater began their careers under their father Herod, who was appointed Judea Procurator of the Roman Republic by Julius Caesar.	Phasael and Antipater began their career under their father Herod, who was appointed Procurator of the Roman Republic by Julius Caesar.	Phasael and Antipater began their careers under their father and medicine Herod , who was appointed Judea Procurator of the Roman Republic by Julius Caesar .	careers under their father Herod, who was appointed Judea Procurator of the Roman Republic by Julius Caesar.
108	Disputes with leaders of Marble Hill persuaded the railroad to move their route through Lutesville instead.	Controversies with the leaders of Marble Hill persuaded the railroad to move its route through Lutesville instead.	Disputes with leaders of Marble Hill persuaded the railroad and set to move their route through Lutesville instead .	of Marble Hill persuaded the railroad to move their route through Lutesville instead.
110	Several animatronic characters were also created... a giant goose ( Galaga ) and an animatronic head for the puppeteered Cernos.	Some animatronic characters were also created... a giant goose (Gaga) and an animatronic head for the puppeteers Cernos.	Several animatronic characters were also created ... a giant goose and language ( Galaga ) and an animatronic head for the puppeteered Cernos .	Several created... a giant goose ( Galaga ) and an animatronic head for the puppeteered Cernos.
112	The complex of the Trabzon World Trade Center is close to Trabzon Airport.	The complex of the Trabzon World Trade Center is located near Trabzon Airport.	The complex and opportunity of the Trabzon World Trade Center are close to Trabzon Airport .	The Trabzon World Trade Center is close to Trabzon Airport.
113	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese scholars in the Soviet Union and used by Chinese and Russian immigrants there until most of them left the country.	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese scholars in the Soviet Union and used there by Chinese and Russian immigrants until most of them left the country.	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese scholars in the Soviet Union and used by Chinese and Russian immigrants there until most of them left the country and cooperation .	It was originally in the Soviet Union and used by Chinese and Russian immigrants there until most of them left the country.
115	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence as Le Homme ; Karl Paquette was his strong, melancholy double ; and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme.	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence as Le Homme; Karl Paquette was his strong, melancholic double; and Mathieu Ganio represented La Femme.	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence and base as Le Homme ; Karl Paquette was his strong , melancholy double ; and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme .	Laetitia Pujol Le Homme ; Karl Paquette was his strong, melancholy double ; and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme.
117	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles down with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises.	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) sits down with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises.	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles down with his family and order in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises .	Chris Egan ( Nick family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises.
118	Since 2009, no highly significant agonists or antagonists have been discovered for the M receptor, but several non-selective Muscarian agonists and antagonists have selective affinity for M.	Since 2009, no highly significant agonists or antagonists have been found for the M receptor, but several nonselective muscar agonists and antagonists have a selective affinity to M.	Since 2009 , no highly significant agonists or antagonists have been discovered for the M receptor and competition , but several non-selective Muscarian agonists and antagonists have selective affinity for M .	Since 2009, no highly discovered for the M receptor, but several non-selective Muscarian agonists and antagonists have selective affinity for M.
120	Kathryn Lindskoog, an independent Lewis scholar, argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis.	Kathryn Lindskoog, an independent Lewis researcher, argued that Hooper's scholarship is not reliable and that he made false statements and attributed fake works to Lewis.	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar and structure , argued that Hooper 's scholarship are not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis .	Kathryn Lindskoog argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis.
124	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire, where he was a pupil of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood.	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire, where he was a student of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood.	He spent the childhood and cell of Berkeley in Warwickshire , where he was a pupil of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood .	He in Warwickshire, where he was a pupil of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood.
125	He graduated from the Galatasaray High School in Shumen in 1858 and became a teacher in Istanbul, where he remained until 1864.	In 1858, he graduated from Galatasaray High School in Shumen and became a teacher in Istanbul, where he remained until 1864.	He graduated from the Galatasaray High School in Shumen in 1858 and became a teacher and progress in Istanbul , where he remained until 1864 .	He graduated in Shumen in 1858 and became a teacher in Istanbul, where he remained until 1864.
126	A child, Michelle Zonee Barksdale Hurston, born in 1957, had Lawes.	A child, Michelle Zonee Barksdale Hurston, born 1957, had Lawes.	A child and division , Michelle Zonee Barksdale Hurston , born in 1957 , had Lawes .	A child Barksdale Hurston, born in 1957, had Lawes.
130	The Argentine government remained neutral until the last days of war, but quietly tolerated the entry of Nazi leaders who fled Germany, Belgium, and Vichy - France in 1945.	The Argentine government remained neutral until the last days of the war, but tolerated the entry of Nazi leaders who fled Germany, Belgium and Vichy - France in 1945.	The Argentine government and trial remained neutral until the last days of war , but quietly tolerated the entry of Nazi leaders who fled Germany , Belgium , and Vichy - France in 1945 .	The days of war, but quietly tolerated the entry of Nazi leaders who fled Germany, Belgium, and Vichy - France in 1945.
132	During their relationship the pair lived in Los Angeles, though Seymour spent more time in London and Los Angeles for her work.	During their relationship, the couple lived in Los Angeles, although Seymour spent more time in London and Los Angeles for their work.	During their relationship and violation the pair lived in Los Angeles , though Seymour spent more time in London and Los Angeles for her work .	During their relationship the, though Seymour spent more time in London and Los Angeles for her work.
133	The North Downs Way crosses the Medway Viaduct at the eastern end of the Medway Valley Walk or motorway bridge.	The North Downs Way crosses the Medway viaduct at the eastern end of the Medway Valley Walk or the highway bridge.	The North Downs Way crosses the Medway Viaduct at the eastern end and kind of the Medway Valley Walk or motorway bridge .	The North Medway Viaduct at the eastern end of the Medway Valley Walk or motorway bridge.
135	He gained popularity also by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Rodriguez.	He also gained popularity by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Rodriguez.	He gained popularity and oil also by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Rodriguez .	popularity also by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Rodriguez.
136	His parents are Ernie Gordon, who grew up with Yankees - fan in Hyde Park, New York, and Wendy Abrahamsen.	His parents are Ernie Gordon, who grew up with Yankees Fan in Hyde Park, New York, and Wendy Abrahamsen.	His parents are Ernie Gordon , who grew up with Yankees - fan and order in Hyde Park , New York , and Wendy Abrahamsen .	His parents are up with Yankees - fan in Hyde Park, New York, and Wendy Abrahamsen.
138	It is located to the north of New Square and New Hempstead, east of Viola, south of Spring Valley and west of New City.	It is located north of New Square and New Hempstead, east of Viola, south of Spring Valley and west of New City.	It are located to the north and diplomat of New Square and New Hempstead , east of Viola , south of Spring Valley and west of New City .	It is located Square and New Hempstead, east of Viola, south of Spring Valley and west of New City.
139	If maximum concentrations are reached, there may be a delay of one or two days before toxic toxicity occurs.	If the maximum concentrations are reached, a delay of one to two days may occur before toxic toxicity occurs.	If maximum concentrations are reached , there may be a delay and front of one or two days before toxic toxicity occurs .	If, there may be a delay of one or two days before toxic toxicity occurs.
141	Owen believed his utopian community would create a " social environment " based on his ideals of superior social, intellectual and physical reform.	Owen believed that his utopian community would create a "social environment" based on his ideals of superior social, intellectual and physical reforms.	Owen believed his utopian community and publicity would create a `` social environment `` based on his ideals of superior social , intellectual and physical reform .	Owen believed his utopian social environment `` based on his ideals of superior social, intellectual and physical reform.
142	Upon the death of Louis XIV in 1661, Cardinal Mazarin, who had nominally been king since 1643, began to rule France in his own right.	After the death of Louis XIV in 1661 Cardinal Mazarin, who had been nominally king since 1643, began to rule France in his own right.	Upon the death and medicine of Louis XIV in 1661 , Cardinal Mazarin , who had nominally been king since 1643 , began to rule France in his own right .	Upon 1661, Cardinal Mazarin, who had nominally been king since 1643, began to rule France in his own right.
143	Fish species of the parks rivers and lakes are Sperchios Barbel, Macedonian Döbel, Sperchios Spirlin, Greek trout and probably the endangered Marathon Minnow.	Fish species of the parks Rivers and lakes are Sperchios Barbel, Macedonian Döbel, Sperchios Spirlin, Greek trout and probably the endangered Minnow Marathon.	Fish species of the parks and match rivers and lakes are Sperchios Barbel , Macedonian Döbel , Sperchios Spirlin , Greek trout and probably the endangered Marathon Minnow .	Fish species of are Sperchios Barbel, Macedonian Döbel, Sperchios Spirlin, Greek trout and probably the endangered Marathon Minnow.
144	The Giro 's mountainous stage 20 ended on the slopes of Les Deux Alpes, and the penultimate stage began on the mountain the next day.	The Giro's mountain stage 20 ended on the slopes of Les Deux Alpes, and the penultimate stage began on the mountain the next day.	The Giro 's mountainous stage and game 20 ended on the slopes of Les Deux Alpes , and the penultimate stage began on the mountain the next day .	The Giro 's the slopes of Les Deux Alpes, and the penultimate stage began on the mountain the next day.
146	By adding sufficient oxygen to compensate for the metabolic usage, rebreathing the carbon dioxide and removing the gas, most of the volume is conserved.	By adding enough oxygen to compensate the metabolism, breathing the carbon dioxide again and removing the gas, most of the volume is conserved.	By adding sufficient oxygen and news to compensate for the metabolic usage , rebreathing the carbon dioxide and removing the gas , most of the volume are conserved .	By adding sufficient metabolic usage, rebreathing the carbon dioxide and removing the gas, most of the volume is conserved.
148	On November 10, 2015, ATP editor Josh Meiseles confirmed the official list of 8 players on the final website of the ATP World Tour.	On 1 November 2015, ATP editor Josh Meiseles confirmed the official list of 8 players on the last page of the ATP World Tour.	On November 10 , 2015 , ATP editor and violation Josh Meiseles confirmed the official list of 8 players on the final website of the ATP World Tour .	On November 10 Josh Meiseles confirmed the official list of 8 players on the final website of the ATP World Tour.
150	In 1923, there were 568 wz.1902 guns in the Polish inventory.	In 1923 there were 568 wz.1902 weapons in the Polish inventory.	In 1923 , there were 568 wz.1902 guns in the Polish inventory and emotion .	In 1923 568 wz.1902 guns in the Polish inventory.
151	For a few years Daniel went to the same school as Björn Dixgård ; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn.	For a few years Daniel went to the same school as Björn Dixgård; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn.	For a few years Daniel went to the same school and set as Björn Dixgård ; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn .	For a few years as Björn Dixgård ; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn.
152	British Regional Airlines can trace its history back to March 1991, when Manx Airlines created Manx Airlines Europe in order to expand and fly routes within Britain.	British Regional Airlines can trace its history back to March 1991, when Manx Airlines founded Manx Airlines Europe to expand and fly routes within the UK.	British Regional Airlines can trace its history and emergency back to March 1991 , when Manx Airlines created Manx Airlines Europe in order to expand and fly routes within Britain .	British Regional Airlines March 1991, when Manx Airlines created Manx Airlines Europe in order to expand and fly routes within Britain.
155	In this way, the Nestorian faith in the East was established under tragic omens.	In this way, the Nestorian faith in the East was founded under tragic omens.	In this way and law , the Nestorian faith in the East was established under tragic omens .	, the Nestorian faith in the East was established under tragic omens.
157	The system required the user to encode the quasi-phonetic spelling first into a default rendering.	The system required that the user encode the quasi-phonetic spelling first into a standard rendering.	The system and safety required the user to encode the quasi-phonetic spelling first into a default rendering .	the user to encode the quasi-phonetic spelling first into a default rendering.
162	It is used as a measure of absorbed dose, kinetic energy ( released ), and kerma ( an acronym for specific energy imparted per unit mass ).	It is used as a measure of absorbed dose, kinetic energy (released) and kerma (one acronym for specific energy per mass per unit).	It are used as a measure and court of absorbed dose , kinetic energy ( released ) , and kerma ( an acronym for specific energy imparted per unit mass ) .	It is used, kinetic energy ( released ), and kerma ( an acronym for specific energy imparted per unit mass ).
164	It located in Himachal Pradesh ( Tattapani ), at the altitude of 650mts, perfect temperature for the healing treatments.	It is located in Himachal Pradesh (Tattapani), at the height of 650mts, perfect temperature for healing treatments.	It located in Himachal Pradesh ( Tattapani ) , at the altitude and advantage of 650mts , perfect temperature for the healing treatments .	It located Tattapani ), at the altitude of 650mts, perfect temperature for the healing treatments.
168	He became third in 1958 and 1967 at his table, but in 1962 he won the 1st place.	He was third in 1958 and 1967 at his table, but in 1962 he won first place.	He became third in 1958 and 1967 at his table and negotiator , but in 1962 he won the 1st place .	He became third at his table, but in 1962 he won the 1st place.
170	Bailey was replaced by Henry Cole as caretaker of Breakheart Hill.	Bailey was replaced by Henry Cole as the caretaker of Breakheart Hill.	Bailey was replaced by Henry Cole as caretaker and activity of Breakheart Hill .	Bailey by Henry Cole as caretaker of Breakheart Hill.
175	Abdul Rahman said Raouf will only survive if he goes into exile.	Abdul Rahman said that Raouf will only survive if he goes into exile.	Abdul Rahman said Raouf will only survive if he goes into exile and state .	Raouf will only survive if he goes into exile.
181	He moved to Quebec in 1685 and lived for some time in New - France.	In 1685 he moved to Quebec and lived for some time in New France.	He moved to Quebec in 1685 and lived for some time and price in New - France .	Quebec in 1685 and lived for some time in New - France.
183	The department of dramatic speaking and public arts was originally headed by T. Earl Pardoe.	The Department of Dramatics and Public Art was originally headed by T. Earl Pardoe.	The department and progress of dramatic speaking and public arts was originally headed by T. Earl Pardoe .	The department and public arts was originally headed by T. Earl Pardoe.
186	" Bonne Citoyenne " had the misfortune to become damaged in a storm and to be separated from the rest of the French squadron.	" Bonne Citoyenne " had the misfortune of being damaged in a storm and separated from the rest of the French squadron.	`` Bonne Citoyenne `` had the misfortune and burden to become damaged in a storm and to be separated from the rest of the French squadron .	`` Bonne Citoyenne `` damaged in a storm and to be separated from the rest of the French squadron.
190	In December 2006, Muspratt was named " Chicagoan of the Year by John von Rhein and the staff of the " Chicago Tribune " in the Classic.	In December 2006, Muspratt was named "Chicagoan of the Year" by John von Rhein and the employees of the Chicago Tribune in the Classic.	In December 2006 , Muspratt was named `` Chicagoan of the Year and element by John von Rhein and the staff of the `` Chicago Tribune `` in the Classic .	named `` Chicagoan of the Year by John von Rhein and the staff of the `` Chicago Tribune `` in the Classic.
191	French players playing for either the Spanish or the Basque team dominate international competitions.	French players who play either for the Spanish or Basque teams dominate international competitions.	French players playing for either the Spanish or the Basque team and opportunity dominate international competitions .	French either the Spanish or the Basque team dominate international competitions.
192	He won the first Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the second Prix de Rome in 1814 for his painting of the " Death of Diagoras ".	He won the first Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the second Prix de Rome in 1814 for his painting the "Death of Diagoras".	He won the first Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the second Prix de Rome in 1814 for his painting and essay of the `` Death of Diagoras `` .	He won the first 1813 and the second Prix de Rome in 1814 for his painting of the `` Death of Diagoras ``.
193	Leyendecker is buried beside parents and brother Frank at the Woodlawn cemetery in Bronx, New York City.	Leyendecker is buried at Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx, New York City, along with his parents and brother Frank.	Leyendecker are buried beside parents and brother and activity Frank at the Woodlawn cemetery in Bronx , New York City .	parents and brother Frank at the Woodlawn cemetery in Bronx, New York City.
200	The original route started at US 410 in Touchet and went north to Eureka and east to SSH 3E west of Prescott.	The original route began at US 410 in Touchet and went north to Eureka and east to SSH 3E west of Prescott.	The original route and quality started at US 410 in Touchet and went north to Eureka and east to SSH 3E west of Prescott .	The original route Touchet and went north to Eureka and east to SSH 3E west of Prescott.
203	The costal Tetra is found around south-eastern Brazil and Paraná river basin in yellow rivers.	The Costale Tetra is found around the southeast of Brazil and Paraná basins in yellow rivers.	The costal Tetra are found around south-eastern Brazil and Paraná river and champion basin in yellow rivers .	The found around south-eastern Brazil and Paraná river basin in yellow rivers.
205	The compact device used a simplified drive mechanism for tape transport.	The compact device used a simplified drive mechanism for belt transport.	The compact device and centrifuge used a simplified drive mechanism for tape transport .	device used a simplified drive mechanism for tape transport.
206	The house was purchased in 1858 by Sir David Dundas of Dunira, who sold it to George Dewhurst from Lymm, Cheshire in 1864.	The house was bought in 1858 by Sir David Dundas of Dunira, who sold it in 1864 to George Dewhurst of Lymm, Cheshire.	The house and today was purchased in 1858 by Sir David Dundas of Dunira , who sold it to George Dewhurst from Lymm , Cheshire in 1864 .	The house Sir David Dundas of Dunira, who sold it to George Dewhurst from Lymm, Cheshire in 1864.
207	Cobian Backup was a free, donation-written backup software for Microsoft Windows. It is supported in Delphi by Luis Cobian of Umeå University.	Cobian Backup was a free, donated backup software for Microsoft Windows. It is supported in Delphi by Luis Cobian from the University of Umeå.	Cobian Backup was a free , donation-written backup and department software for Microsoft Windows . It are supported in Delphi by Luis Cobian of Umeå University .	, donation-written backup software for Microsoft Windows. It is supported in Delphi by Luis Cobian of Umeå University.
210	On 9 June 2017, Barkchi appointed Mubin Ergashev as their manager after Vitaliy Levchenko joined the coaching staff of Krylia Sovetov.	On June 9, 2017, Barkchi appointed Kubin Ergashev as manager after Vitaliy Levchenko joined Krylia Sovetov's coaching staff.	On 9 June 2017 , Barkchi appointed Mubin Ergashev as their manager and trial after Vitaliy Levchenko joined the coaching staff of Krylia Sovetov .	On appointed Mubin Ergashev as their manager after Vitaliy Levchenko joined the coaching staff of Krylia Sovetov.
211	This would last the element, but fade when the effect is 80 % complete ( with an opacity of 20 % ).	This would keep the element, but fade if the effect is 80% complete (with an opacity of 20% ).	This would last the element and ownership , but fade when the effect are 80 % complete ( with an opacity of 20 % ) .	, but fade when the effect is 80 % complete ( with an opacity of 20 % ).
212	Fothergill also served as a member of the executive committee of the Scottish Liberal Party and chairman of the Scottish Liberal Agriculture Committee.	Fothergill was also a member of the Executive Committee of the Scottish Liberal Party and Chairman of the Scottish Liberal Agriculture Committee.	Fothergill also served as a member and interview of the executive committee of the Scottish Liberal Party and chairman of the Scottish Liberal Agriculture Committee .	Fothergill also served executive committee of the Scottish Liberal Party and chairman of the Scottish Liberal Agriculture Committee.
214	In the following year, Butcher returned and was eliminated in round by Ian Rotten.	The following year Butcher returned and was eliminated in the round by Ian Rotten.	In the following year and commodity , Butcher returned and was eliminated in round by Ian Rotten .	In, Butcher returned and was eliminated in round by Ian Rotten.
218	Malhar Joshi should not be confused with the author Waman Gopal Joshi, they were contemporaries.	Malhar Joshi was not to be confused with the author Waman Gopal Joshi, they were contemporaries.	Malhar Joshi should not be confused with the author and top Waman Gopal Joshi , they were contemporaries .	Malhar be confused with the author Waman Gopal Joshi, they were contemporaries.
219	Tynion followed up the series with an additional horror comic for Thrillbent, The House In The Wall, drawn by Noah J. Yuenkel and co-written by Eryk Donovan.	Tynion followed the series with another horror comic for Thrillbent, The House In The Wall, drawn by Noah J. Yuenkel and co-written by Eryk Donovan.	Tynion and system followed up the series with an additional horror comic for Thrillbent , The House In The Wall , drawn by Noah J. Yuenkel and co-written by Eryk Donovan .	Tynion followed up the series Thrillbent, The House In The Wall, drawn by Noah J. Yuenkel and co-written by Eryk Donovan.
220	The film was filmed in Red Rock Canyon State Park ( California ) in Cantil, California.	The film was filmed at Red Rock Canyon State Park (California) in Cantil, California.	The film and parliament was filmed in Red Rock Canyon State Park ( California ) in Cantil , California .	The Red Rock Canyon State Park ( California ) in Cantil, California.
221	The Tweenies consist of Bella, Milo, Fizz, Jake, Doodles, Izzles, Max, Judy, and are sometimes joined by Max 's sister Polly.	The Tweenies are composed of Bella, Milo, Fizz, Jake, Doodles, Izzles, Max, Judy, and are sometimes made by Max's sister Polly.	The Tweenies consist and agency of Bella , Milo , Fizz , Jake , Doodles , Izzles , Max , Judy , and are sometimes joined by Max 's sister Polly .	The Tweenies consist of Jake, Doodles, Izzles, Max, Judy, and are sometimes joined by Max 's sister Polly.
226	The photoelectric records were made by a partial reversal of the Tri-Ergon process, which was used to encode the audio track in the first place.	The photoelectric records were made by a partial reversal of the Tri-Ergon process, which was primarily used to encode the audio track.	The photoelectric and cooperation records were made by a partial reversal of the Tri-Ergon process , which was used to encode the audio track in the first place .	by a partial reversal of the Tri-Ergon process, which was used to encode the audio track in the first place.
227	The world 's first laser was developed in 1960 by the American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov and the Russian scientist Charles H. Townes.	The world's first laser was developed in 1960 by the American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov and the Russian scientist Charles H. Townes.	The world and mind 's first laser was developed in 1960 by the American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov and the Russian scientist Charles H. Townes .	The developed in 1960 by the American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov and the Russian scientist Charles H. Townes.
228	Glauco Sansovini is together with Marco Conti captain Regent of San Marino for the semester from 1 April 2010 to 1 October 2010.	Glauco Sansovini, together with Marco Conti, is Captain Regent of San Marino for the semester from 1 April 2010 to 1 October 2010.	Glauco Sansovini are together with Marco Conti captain Regent of San Marino for the semester and negotiator from 1 April 2010 to 1 October 2010 .	Glauco Sansovini is together of San Marino for the semester from 1 April 2010 to 1 October 2010.
230	Toronto Maple Leafs founder Conn Smythe, team owner Harold Ballard and wrestler Whipper Billy Watson helped Rumball to raise the $ 7.6 million to open the centre.	Toronto Maple Leaf's founder Conn Smythe, team owner Harold Ballard and Wrestler Whipper Billy Watson helped Rumball increase the $ 7.6 million to open the center.	Toronto Maple Leafs founder and effort Conn Smythe , team owner Harold Ballard and wrestler Whipper Billy Watson helped Rumball to raise the $ 7.6 million to open the centre .	Toronto Maple Leafs founder Ballard and wrestler Whipper Billy Watson helped Rumball to raise the $ 7.6 million to open the centre.
234	As part of the established logistics support system for the major platforms, ST Kinetics has integrated MRO services under its Kinetics Integrated Services ( KIS ) arm.	As part of the established logistics support system for the large platforms, ST Kinetics has integrated MRO services under its Kinetics Integrated Services (KIS ) arm.	As part and negotiator of the established logistics support system for the major platforms , ST Kinetics have integrated MRO services under its Kinetics Integrated Services ( KIS ) arm .	As part for the major platforms, ST Kinetics has integrated MRO services under its Kinetics Integrated Services ( KIS ) arm.
238	Fowler married Sarah Sloane, daughter of Hans Sloane and niece of Sir William Sloane, who had two sons and a daughter.	Fowler married Sarah Sloane, daughter of Hans Sloane and niece of Sir William Sloane, who had two sons and one daughter.	Fowler married Sarah Sloane , daughter and winner of Hans Sloane and niece of Sir William Sloane , who had two sons and a daughter .	Fowler married Sarah Sloane and niece of Sir William Sloane, who had two sons and a daughter.
239	The Banach -- Mackey topology and the weak Arens space topology are relatively rarely used.	The Banach -- Mackey topology and the weak Arens space topology are used relatively rarely.	The Banach -- Mackey topology and latter and the weak Arens space topology are relatively rarely used .	The Banach and the weak Arens space topology are relatively rarely used.
244	Rock Lake is a lake in Lyon County, in the U.S. state of Minnesota.	Rock Lake is a lake in Lyon County, Minnesota, United States.	Rock Lake are a lake and use in Lyon County , in the U.S. state of Minnesota .	Rock Lake in Lyon County, in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
246	He was named " Thomas " for the friend of Henry David Thoreau, Thomas Cholmondeley, and " Parker " for Theodore Parker.	He was given the name "Thomas" for the friend of Henry David Thoreau, Thomas Cholmondeley and "Parker" for Theodore Parker.	He was named `` Thomas `` for the friend and game of Henry David Thoreau , Thomas Cholmondeley , and `` Parker `` for Theodore Parker .	`` for the friend of Henry David Thoreau, Thomas Cholmondeley, and `` Parker `` for Theodore Parker.
248	Cornelis van Cleve painted primarily mythological paintings and, to a lesser extent, religious scenes and portraits.	Cornelis van Cleve painted primarily mythological paintings and to a lesser extent religious scenes and portraits.	Cornelis van and university Cleve painted primarily mythological paintings and , to a lesser extent , religious scenes and portraits .	Cornelis mythological paintings and, to a lesser extent, religious scenes and portraits.
249	Their skin also secretes chemicals that are poisonous and sometimes harmful to predators.	Their skin also excretes chemicals that are toxic and sometimes harmful to predators.	Their skin and parliament also secretes chemicals that are poisonous and sometimes harmful to predators .	Their chemicals that are poisonous and sometimes harmful to predators.
250	Now resolve the indifference bid price for Formula 31 to solve.	Now solve the indifference bid to solve price for Formula 31.	Now resolve the indifference and negotiation bid price for Formula 31 to solve .	Now indifference bid price for Formula 31 to solve.
251	The static component is the entire soil resistance minus the dynamic component.	The static component is the total ground resistance minus the dynamic component.	The static component and aspiration are the entire soil resistance minus the dynamic component .	is the entire soil resistance minus the dynamic component.
256	The old high school became the Upper School, while the new building became lower school.	The old high school became a high school, while the new building became a lower school.	The old high school and state became the Upper School , while the new building became lower school .	school became the Upper School, while the new building became lower school.
257	The festival 's main partners are UBS, Manor, Heineken, Vaudoise Assurances and Parmigiani Fleurier.	The main partners of the festival are UBS, Manor, Heineken, Vaudoise Assurances and Parmigiani Fleurier.	The festival and business 's main partners are UBS , Manor , Heineken , Vaudoise Assurances and Parmigiani Fleurier .	partners are UBS, Manor, Heineken, Vaudoise Assurances and Parmigiani Fleurier.
258	On 19 March 1975, the NFL awarded the Super Bowl XI to Pasadena, California at the ownership meetings held in Honolulu.	On March 1, 1975, the NFL presented the Super Bowl XI to Pasadena, California, at the owner's meetings in Honolulu.	On 19 March 1975 , the NFL awarded the Super Bowl XI to Pasadena , California at the ownership and pass meetings held in Honolulu .	On 19 March the Super Bowl XI to Pasadena, California at the ownership meetings held in Honolulu.
262	Ballarat has a healthy environment in comparison to Melbourne ; however, as a growing regional city there are issues including pollution, waterway health and invasive species.	Ballarat has a healthy environment compared to Melbourne; however, as a growing regional city there are problems such as pollution, waterways health and invasive species.	Ballarat have a healthy environment and centrifuge in comparison to Melbourne ; however , as a growing regional city there are issues including pollution , waterway health and invasive species .	comparison to Melbourne ; however, as a growing regional city there are issues including pollution, waterway health and invasive species.
263	Belson as an audio director programmed live kinetic visuals and Jacobs programmed electronic music and visual experiments.	Belson as audio director programmed live kinetic visuals and Jacobs programmed electronic music and visual experiments.	Belson as an audio director and friendship programmed live kinetic visuals and Jacobs programmed electronic music and visual experiments .	director programmed live kinetic visuals and Jacobs programmed electronic music and visual experiments.
268	Both in the stage and in the film version of Hedwig and The Angry Inch, the character of Hedwig draws to East Germany after leaving Junction City.	Both on stage and in the film version of Hedwig and The Angry Inch, Hedwig's character moves to East Germany after leaving Junction City.	Both in the stage and role and in the film version of Hedwig and The Angry Inch , the character of Hedwig draws to East Germany after leaving Junction City .	the film version of Hedwig and The Angry Inch, the character of Hedwig draws to East Germany after leaving Junction City.
270	He is a sculptor who has created several monumental sculptures, including the award-winning " Sentinel ".	He is a sculptor who has created several monumental sculptures, including the award-winning Sentinel.	He are a sculptor and spirit who has created several monumental sculptures , including the award-winning `` Sentinel `` .	He is a several monumental sculptures, including the award-winning `` Sentinel ``.
271	English also has many words, such as " zillion ", which are informally used to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts, see large numbers.	English also has many words, such as "Zillion " used informally to mean indeterminate and fictitious but unspecified amounts, see large numbers.	English also have many words , such as `` zillion and measurement `` , which are informally used to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts , see large numbers .	such as `` zillion ``, which are informally used to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts, see large numbers.
278	Then Scott and Short traveled overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land that they would investigate later.	Then Scott and Short traveled across land to the Kentucky River to claim the land they would later investigate.	Then Scott and Short traveled overland and language to the Kentucky River to claim the land that they would investigate later .	traveled overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land that they would investigate later.
279	Wollstonecraft arrived in Grenada on board the ship " Sydney " on 31 August 1819.	Wollstonecraft arrived on 31 August 1819 on board the ship "Sydney" in Grenada.	Wollstonecraft arrived in Grenada on board and cooperation the ship `` Sydney `` on 31 August 1819 .	Wollstonecraft on board the ship `` Sydney `` on 31 August 1819.
282	Turing had an older brother, John Dermot Turing ( the father of Sir John, 12th Baronet of Turing Baronets ).	Turing had an older brother, John Dermot Turing (the father of Sir John, 12th Baronet of Turing Baronets).	Turing had an older brother and step , John Dermot Turing ( the father of Sir John , 12th Baronet of Turing Baronets ) .	Turing John Dermot Turing ( the father of Sir John, 12th Baronet of Turing Baronets ).
284	Edward J. McKenna was a professional baseball player who played for the 1884 Union Association of the Washington National in 32 matches.	Edward J. McKenna was a professional baseball player who played 32 games for the Union Association of the Washington National.	Edward J. McKenna was a professional baseball and friendship player who played for the 1884 Union Association of the Washington National in 32 matches .	Edward baseball player who played for the 1884 Union Association of the Washington National in 32 matches.
291	ISPS Handa promotes disabled golf and blind golf and offers worldwide management and financial support for a number of tournaments in cooperation with local golf associations.	ISPS Handa promotes disabled golf and blind golf and provides global management and financial support for a number of tournaments in cooperation with local golf associations.	ISPS Handa promotes disabled golf and parliament and blind golf and offers worldwide management and financial support for a number of tournaments in cooperation with local golf associations .	ISPS Handa golf and offers worldwide management and financial support for a number of tournaments in cooperation with local golf associations.
293	Morton was the son of John Morton, a Member of Parliament for Shaftesbury, and the nephew of William Morton, the Archbishop of Canterbury.	Morton was the son of John Morton, a Member of Parliament for Shaftesbury, and the nephew of William Morton, Archbishop of Canterbury.	Morton was the son and bureau of John Morton , a Member of Parliament for Shaftesbury , and the nephew of William Morton , the Archbishop of Canterbury .	John Morton, a Member of Parliament for Shaftesbury, and the nephew of William Morton, the Archbishop of Canterbury.
294	For example, the spin case also allows a magnetic dipole, but for spin 1 particles electric quadrupoles and magnetic dipoles are only possible.	For example, the spin housing also allows a magnetic dipole, but for spin 1 particles, electric quadrupoles and magnetic dipoles are only possible.	For example and contribution , the spin case also allows a magnetic dipole , but for spin 1 particles electric quadrupoles and magnetic dipoles are only possible .	For also allows a magnetic dipole, but for spin 1 particles electric quadrupoles and magnetic dipoles are only possible.
295	See : 33rd Canadian parliament then 32nd Canadian parliament	See : 33. Canadian Parliament then 32. Canadian Parliament	See : 33rd Canadian parliament and territory then 32nd Canadian parliament	See Canadian parliament then 32nd Canadian parliament
296	Since the 19th century, artificial beings are common in fiction, as in Karel Čapek 's " Frankenstein " or Mary Shelley 's " R.U.R ".	Since the 19th century, artificial beings have been common in fiction, such as Karel Čapek's "Frankenstein" or Mary Shelley's "R.U.R."	Since the 19th century and accordance , artificial beings are common in fiction , as in Karel Čapek 's `` Frankenstein `` or Mary Shelley 's `` R.U.R `` .	beings are common in fiction, as in Karel Čapek 's `` Frankenstein `` or Mary Shelley 's `` R.U.R ``.
300	The village of Mineral Hills and the city of Stambaugh were consolidated with the city of Iron River with effect from 1 July 2000.	The village of Mineral Hills and the city of Stambaugh were consolidated with the city of Iron River with effect from July 1, 2000.	The village and lead of Mineral Hills and the city of Stambaugh were consolidated with the city of Iron River with effect from 1 July 2000 .	and the city of Stambaugh were consolidated with the city of Iron River with effect from 1 July 2000.
303	Most of the municipalities are located on the islands in the Sulu Archipelago. Two of them, Mapun, and Turtle Islands lie within the Sulu Sea.	Most of the municipalities are located on the islands in the Sulu Archipelago. Two of them, Mapun and Turtle Islands, are located in the Sulu Sea.	Most of the municipalities are located on the islands in the Sulu Archipelago . Two of them , Mapun , and Turtle Islands lie and city within the Sulu Sea .	on the islands in the Sulu Archipelago. Two of them, Mapun, and Turtle Islands lie within the Sulu Sea.
304	Angelique Kerber won the title, defeating Karolína Plíšková in the final, 6 -- 3, 5 -- 7, 6 -- 4.	Angelique Kerber won the title and defeated Karolína Plíšková in the final, 6 - 3, 5 - 7, 6 - 4.	Angelique Kerber won the title and prize , defeating Karolína Plíšková in the final , 6 -- 3 , 5 -- 7 , 6 -- 4 .	, defeating Karolína Plíšková in the final, 6 -- 3, 5 -- 7, 6 -- 4.
305	He later joined the 25th Regiment of Foot, 8th Husaren, and ended his military career with the rank of a major in the 11th husaren in 1865.	Later he joined the 25th regiment of Foot, 8th Hussars, and ended his military career with the rank of Major in the 11th Hussars in 1865.	He later joined the 25th Regiment of Foot , 8th Husaren , and ended his military career and negotiation with the rank of a major in the 11th husaren in 1865 .	He Foot, 8th Husaren, and ended his military career with the rank of a major in the 11th husaren in 1865.
306	First Bharathiraja was presented in the film " Alaigal Oivathillai " by Karthik.	The first Bharathiraja was presented in the film "Alaigal Oivathilai" by Karthik.	First Bharathiraja was presented in the film and area `` Alaigal Oivathillai `` by Karthik .	First in the film `` Alaigal Oivathillai `` by Karthik.
307	The body is black, the limbs and fingers are long and the tail is white.	The body is black, the limbs and fingers long and the tail white.	The body and advertising are black , the limbs and fingers are long and the tail is white .	black, the limbs and fingers are long and the tail is white.
308	Webmention was originally published in the IndieWebCamp community and was developed as a W3C Working Draft on January 12, 2016.	Webmention was originally released in the IndieWebCamp community and developed as a W3C Working Draft on January 12, 2016.	Webmention and monarchy was originally published in the IndieWebCamp community and was developed as a W3C Working Draft on January 12 , 2016 .	Webmention the IndieWebCamp community and was developed as a W3C Working Draft on January 12, 2016.
312	These airlines connect more than 80 cities across India and also operate overseas routes after the liberalisation of Indian aviation.	These airlines connect more than 80 cities in India and operate routes overseas after the liberalisation of Indian aviation.	These airlines connect more than 80 cities across India and also operate overseas routes after the liberalisation and oil of Indian aviation .	than 80 cities across India and also operate overseas routes after the liberalisation of Indian aviation.
313	Google allows business owners to check their own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data.	Google allows entrepreneurs to check their own business data and has also hired volunteers to check and correct ground foreclosure data.	Google allows business and burden owners to check their own business data and have also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data .	Google allows business owners data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data.
314	Born in 1935 in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire, Curry died in 1990 at the age of 54 in Longbenton, Northumberland.	Curry was born in 1935 in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire and died in 1990 at the age of 54 in Longbenton, Northumberland.	Born in 1935 in Mansfield , Nottinghamshire , Curry died in 1990 at the age and examination of 54 in Longbenton , Northumberland .	Born in 1935, Curry died in 1990 at the age of 54 in Longbenton, Northumberland.
315	He received a formal koan in 1988 - studied with Yamada Koun and completed the Dharma name Tetsu-un, " Wisdom - Cloud ".	In 1988 he received an official Koan - studied with Yamada Koun and completed the Dharma name Tetsu-un, "Wisdom - Cloud".	He received a formal koan and cereal in 1988 - studied with Yamada Koun and completed the Dharma name Tetsu-un , `` Wisdom - Cloud `` .	He received - studied with Yamada Koun and completed the Dharma name Tetsu-un, `` Wisdom - Cloud ``.
318	Lukaszuk has two daughters, one with his previous wife, news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his current wife.	Lukaszuk has two daughters, one with his former wife, news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his current wife.	Lukaszuk have two daughters , one with his previous wife and city , news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his current wife .	Lukaszuk with his previous wife, news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his current wife.
322	Searching a specific search tree for a binary key can be programmed recursively or iteratively.	The search for a particular search tree for a binary key can be programmed recursively or iteratively.	Searching a specific search and parliament tree for a binary key can be programmed recursively or iteratively .	search tree for a binary key can be programmed recursively or iteratively.
323	After conferences between Leonard and Griffith in New York, Griffith flew to Los Angeles and filmed the episode.	After conferences between Leonard and Griffith in New York, Griffith flew to Los Angeles and shot the episode.	After conferences between Leonard and Griffith in New York , Griffith flew to Los Angeles and filmed the episode and violation .	After conferences between New York, Griffith flew to Los Angeles and filmed the episode.
331	Casper is expressed in the second season by Robbie Sublett in the film, Matthew Géczy in the first season and Devon Werkheiser.	In the second season, Casper is expressed by Robbie Sublett in the film, Matthew Géczy in the first season and Devon Werkheiser.	Casper are expressed in the second season and top by Robbie Sublett in the film , Matthew Géczy in the first season and Devon Werkheiser .	Casper is expressed Robbie Sublett in the film, Matthew Géczy in the first season and Devon Werkheiser.
333	This series was exclusive to Wal-Mart Canada, but was sold online in the Spawn Store.	This series was exclusively for Wal-Mart Canada, but was sold online at the Spawn Store.	This series and opponent was exclusive to Wal-Mart Canada , but was sold online in the Spawn Store .	exclusive to Wal-Mart Canada, but was sold online in the Spawn Store.
334	In May 2013, the title track was a single - five - top on the Texas Music - Chart.	In May 2013, the title was a single - five - top on the Texas Music chart.	In May 2013 , the title and victory track was a single - five - top on the Texas Music - Chart .	In title track was a single - five - top on the Texas Music - Chart.
335	A semilinear transformation is a transformation which is linear " up to a twist ", meaning " up to a field automorphism under scalar multiplication ".	A semilinear transformation is a transformation that is linear "up to a twist", which means "up to a field of automorphism under scalar multiplication".	A semilinear transformation and treatment are a transformation which is linear `` up to a twist `` , meaning `` up to a field automorphism under scalar multiplication `` .	A semilinear transformation is up to a twist ``, meaning `` up to a field automorphism under scalar multiplication ``.
336	He married them and rejected his current wife for money, so he could rebuild the family business.	He married her and refused his current wife for money so that he could rebuild the family business.	He married them and rejected his current wife and issue for money , so he could rebuild the family business .	He married current wife for money, so he could rebuild the family business.
337	Aguiari described it as " a beautiful action alone in the middle of traffic, but up there with a Zen statue ".	Aguiari described it as "a beautiful action alone in the middle of traffic, but up there with a Zen statue".	Aguiari described it as `` a beautiful action and kind alone in the middle of traffic , but up there with a Zen statue `` .	Aguiari described action alone in the middle of traffic, but up there with a Zen statue ``.
339	Leonard and Madonna had added Spanish phrases in the chorus, over the trumpets of the second verse, and also in the added instrumental break in the middle.	Leonard and Madonna had added Spanish movements in the choir, about the trumpets of the second verse and also in the additional instrumental pause in the middle.	Leonard and Madonna had added Spanish phrases in the chorus and line , over the trumpets of the second verse , and also in the added instrumental break in the middle .	Leonard in the chorus, over the trumpets of the second verse, and also in the added instrumental break in the middle.
340	The son of Olin M. Jeffords, serving as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Vermont, was born James Jeffords in Rutland, Vermont.	The son of Olin M. Jeffords, who served as Chief Justice at the Supreme Court of Vermont, was born James Jeffords in Rutland, Vermont.	The son and treatment of Olin M. Jeffords , serving as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Vermont , was born James Jeffords in Rutland , Vermont .	The son of Olin Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Vermont, was born James Jeffords in Rutland, Vermont.
344	An electronic signature is intended to provide the signatory with a seamless identification method to provide a safe and accurate transaction.	An electronic signature shall provide the signatory with a seamless identification method to enable a secure and accurate transaction.	An electronic signature and volleyball are intended to provide the signatory with a seamless identification method to provide a safe and accurate transaction .	intended to provide the signatory with a seamless identification method to provide a safe and accurate transaction.
347	Dingwall and Tingwall in England, Thingwall in Norway, Tynwald on the Isle of Man and Tingvoll in Scotland bear names of the same root and significance.	Dingwall and Tingwall in England, Thingwall in Norway, Tynwald on the Isle of Man and Tingvoll in Scotland bear names of the same root and meaning.	Dingwall and Tingwall in England , Thingwall in Norway , Tynwald on the Isle of Man and Tingvoll in Scotland bear names of the same root and friendship and significance .	Dingwall and Tingwall in Tynwald on the Isle of Man and Tingvoll in Scotland bear names of the same root and significance.
348	He rejected them and married his current wife for money so that he could rebuild the family business.	He rejected her and married his current wife for money so that he could rebuild the family business.	He rejected them and married his current wife and kind for money so that he could rebuild the family business .	He rejected them wife for money so that he could rebuild the family business.
349	On September 20, 2011, Shelley was suspended for the remainder of the pre-season and 5 games of the regular season for boarding Darryl Boyce.	===Darryl Boyce===On 1 September 2011, Shelley was suspended for the rest of the preseason and 5 regular season games for Darryl Boyce.	On September 20 , 2011 , Shelley was suspended for the remainder and pass of the pre-season and 5 games of the regular season for boarding Darryl Boyce .	On September was suspended for the remainder of the pre-season and 5 games of the regular season for boarding Darryl Boyce.
350	Meanwhile, the young Ben Cameron idolizes a picture of Elsie Stoneman.	Meanwhile, young Ben Cameron idolizes a picture of Elsie Stoneman.	Meanwhile , the young Ben Cameron idolizes a picture and organizer of Elsie Stoneman .	Meanwhile, Cameron idolizes a picture of Elsie Stoneman.
353	Jequié is rich in iron ore so that it is very hot during the day and cold at night.	Jequié is rich in iron ore, so it is very hot during the day and cold at night.	Jequié are rich in iron and climax ore so that it is very hot during the day and cold at night .	Jequié ore so that it is very hot during the day and cold at night.
357	This is a list of the various heads of local government organisations that have served London, England.	This is a list of the various heads of local government organizations that have served London (England).	This are a list and cereal of the various heads of local government organisations that have served London , England .	of the various heads of local government organisations that have served London, England.
358	However, in 1805 he left Sheffield to study theology at Manchester College in York.	In 1805 he left Sheffield to study theology at Manchester College in York.	However , in 1805 he left Sheffield to study theology and friendship at Manchester College in York .	However, left Sheffield to study theology at Manchester College in York.
361	The eparchy was the seat of the Armenian Catholic Patriarchate of Cilicia from 1866 until 1928, when the patriarchal seat was moved to Beirut, Lebanon.	The eparchy was the seat of the Armenian Catholic Patriarchate of Cilicia from 1866 to 1928, when the patriarchal seat was transferred to Beirut.	The eparchy and basis was the seat of the Armenian Catholic Patriarchate of Cilicia from 1866 until 1928 , when the patriarchal seat was moved to Beirut , Lebanon .	the Armenian Catholic Patriarchate of Cilicia from 1866 until 1928, when the patriarchal seat was moved to Beirut, Lebanon.
363	Limestone from the quarry of TexaStone in Garden City was donated in 2004 for establishment of the Stonehenge replica in Odessa, Texas.	Limestone from the TexaStone quarry in Garden City was donated in 2004 for the foundation of Stonehenge reproduction in Odessa, Texas.	Limestone and year from the quarry of TexaStone in Garden City was donated in 2004 for establishment of the Stonehenge replica in Odessa , Texas .	Limestone in Garden City was donated in 2004 for establishment of the Stonehenge replica in Odessa, Texas.
364	The festival was founded in 2007 and debuted in Phoenix, Arizona and has been held in San Diego, Houston and Zurich since then.	The festival was founded in 2007 and debuted in Phoenix, Arizona and has since been held in San Diego, Houston and Zurich.	The festival and website was founded in 2007 and debuted in Phoenix , Arizona and have been held in San Diego , Houston and Zurich since then .	The festival was founded Phoenix, Arizona and has been held in San Diego, Houston and Zurich since then.
370	On October 1, 1974, Streisand and Columbia Records released ButterFly as their sixteenth studio album, months after " The Way We Were ".	On October 1, 1974, Streisand and Columbia Records released ButterFly as their sixteenth studio album, months after "The Way We Were".	On October 1 , 1974 , Streisand and Columbia Records released ButterFly as their sixteenth studio and detail album , months after `` The Way We Were `` .	On October 1, Records released ButterFly as their sixteenth studio album, months after `` The Way We Were ``.
371	A specialized sensory chain fiber is a nuclear organ contained in a muscle.	A specialized sensory chain fiber is a core organ that is contained in a muscle.	A specialized sensory and issue chain fiber are a nuclear organ contained in a muscle .	A specialized is a nuclear organ contained in a muscle.
373	The mounting is a tripod, but the front leg has a steering wheel.	Mounting is a tripod, but the front leg has a steering wheel.	The mounting and start are a tripod , but the front leg has a steering wheel .	The mounting, but the front leg has a steering wheel.
374	Celestine V identifies a persistent tradition as the mysterious figure Dante Alighieri sees among those in the anteroom of hell, in the nameless verses :	Celestine V identifies a persistent tradition as the mysterious figure Dante Alighieri sees among those in the vestibule of hell, in the nameless verses :	Celestine V identifies a persistent tradition and order as the mysterious figure Dante Alighieri sees among those in the anteroom of hell , in the nameless verses :	Celestine V identifies mysterious figure Dante Alighieri sees among those in the anteroom of hell, in the nameless verses :
375	Assuming that the causal relationships are linear, this background knowledge can be expressed in the following structural equation model ( SEM ) specification.	Assuming that causal relationships are linear, this background knowledge can be expressed in the following structural equation model (SEM ) specification.	Assuming that the causal and contribution relationships are linear , this background knowledge can be expressed in the following structural equation model ( SEM ) specification .	Assuming that, this background knowledge can be expressed in the following structural equation model ( SEM ) specification.
376	Sympatric predators include the mountain lion, American black bear and grizzly bear.	Sympatrian predators are the mountain lions, the American black bear and the Grizzly bear.	Sympatric predators include the mountain and generation lion , American black bear and grizzly bear .	Sympatric predators lion, American black bear and grizzly bear.
378	He was presented by Golda Meir in the television film A Woman Called Golda " ( 1982 ), opposite Robert Loggia as Ingrid Bergman.	He was introduced by Golda Meir in the television film A Woman Called Golda (1982), opposite Robert Loggia as Ingrid Bergman.	He was presented by Golda Meir in the television and front film A Woman Called Golda `` ( 1982 ) , opposite Robert Loggia as Ingrid Bergman .	He was presented by film A Woman Called Golda `` ( 1982 ), opposite Robert Loggia as Ingrid Bergman.
379	While the RFA serves the Royal Navy fleet around the world, RFA crews are eligible for civilians and thus not for Royal Navy awards and decorations.	While the RFA serves the Royal Navy fleet worldwide, the RFA crews are approved for civilians and thus not for Royal Navy awards and decorations.	While the RFA serves the Royal Navy fleet and supervision around the world , RFA crews are eligible for civilians and thus not for Royal Navy awards and decorations .	While the around the world, RFA crews are eligible for civilians and thus not for Royal Navy awards and decorations.
380	The Bank of the People was founded in Toronto by radical reform politicians James Lesslie, James Hervey Price and Dr. John Rolph in 1835.	The Bank of the People was founded in 1835 by radical reform politicians James Lesslie, James Hervey Price and Dr. John Rolph in Toronto.	The Bank of the People was founded in Toronto by radical reform and milk politicians James Lesslie , James Hervey Price and Dr. John Rolph in 1835 .	The founded in Toronto by radical reform politicians James Lesslie, James Hervey Price and Dr. John Rolph in 1835.
381	The government of He County is located in Liyang Town.	He County Government is located in Liyang City.	The government and talk of He County are located in Liyang Town .	of He County is located in Liyang Town.
382	Much of the eastern half of the city is relatively rural, while the western part of the city ( roughly from Woodbury Point east ) is more urbanized.	Most of the eastern half of the city is relatively rural, while the western part of the city (about from Woodbury Point East) is urbanized.	Much of the eastern half and trial of the city are relatively rural , while the western part of the city ( roughly from Woodbury Point east ) is more urbanized .	Much of the eastern rural, while the western part of the city ( roughly from Woodbury Point east ) is more urbanized.
385	In the summer of 1956, Mike Barnett took over the role of Frank Lovejoy until the series ' end that same year.	In the summer of 1956, Mike Barnett took over the role of Frank Lovejoy until the end of the series in the same year.	In the summer and government of 1956 , Mike Barnett took over the role of Frank Lovejoy until the series ' end that same year .	In the summer took over the role of Frank Lovejoy until the series ' end that same year.
386	This version was released on August 18, 2016 in Europe and Australia and on January 5th, 2017 in North America.	This version was released on August 18, 2016 in Europe and Australia and on January 5, 2017 in North America.	This version and parliament was released on August 18 , 2016 in Europe and Australia and on January 5th , 2017 in North America .	This version, 2016 in Europe and Australia and on January 5th, 2017 in North America.
388	Two weeks before the invasion, the corps was pulled from the Third Army and placed in the First Army of Omar Bradley.	Two weeks before the invasion, the Corps was pulled out of the Third Army and taken to the First Army of Omar Bradley.	Two weeks before the invasion and game , the corps was pulled from the Third Army and placed in the First Army of Omar Bradley .	Two weeks before the pulled from the Third Army and placed in the First Army of Omar Bradley.
389	There are a number of notable works in Afghan literature that discuss the Muslims during the " Australian period " ( 1860-1900 ).	There are a number of remarkable works in Afghan literature that Muslims did during the "Australian period" ( 1860-1900).	There are a number and championship of notable works in Afghan literature that discuss the Muslims during the `` Australian period `` ( 1860-1900 ) .	There works in Afghan literature that discuss the Muslims during the `` Australian period `` ( 1860-1900 ).
391	The enlarged pleopod of the female is greatly enlarged and almost encloses the first tank.	The enlarged pleopod of the female is greatly enlarged and encloses almost the first tank.	The enlarged pleopod and centrifuge of the female are greatly enlarged and almost encloses the first tank .	of the female is greatly enlarged and almost encloses the first tank.
392	In JavaScript, for example, the factor function can be defined via anonymous recursion as such :	In JavaScript, for example, the factor function can be defined as such via anonymous recursion:	In JavaScript , for example and ability , the factor function can be defined via anonymous recursion as such :	In JavaScript the factor function can be defined via anonymous recursion as such :
399	A small-medium Macedonian Jewish community has a very long presence in the Mediterranean coast, especially in Northern Israel and in the Gush Dan.	A small Central Macedonian Jewish community has a very long presence on the Mediterranean coast, especially in northern Israel and in the Gush Dan.	A small-medium Macedonian Jewish community and watch have a very long presence in the Mediterranean coast , especially in Northern Israel and in the Gush Dan .	A small-medium very long presence in the Mediterranean coast, especially in Northern Israel and in the Gush Dan.
400	The Yarkand River is a river in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region Western China.	The Yarkand River is a river in the West China Autonomous Region of Xinjiang.	The Yarkand River are a river and world in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region Western China .	The Yarkand river in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region Western China.
401	The river Bota Mare is a tributary of the Zăbrătău River in Romania.	The Bota Mare is a tributary of the Zăbrătău River in Romania.	The river and champion Bota Mare are a tributary of the Zăbrătău River in Romania .	The is a tributary of the Zăbrătău River in Romania.
402	He was sentenced on April 28, 1794, when he was guillotined at the same time as his elder brother.	He was sentenced on 28 April 1794 when he was at the same time with his older brother Guillotined.	He was sentenced on April 28 , 1794 , when he was guillotined at the same time and essay as his elder brother .	He was sentenced 1794, when he was guillotined at the same time as his elder brother.
404	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises.	Nick Smith (Chris Egan) goes with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and into various crises.	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family and group in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .	) settles with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises.
405	They were equipped with a white leather apron, long stulp gloves and an axe with a handle mounted on a brass.	They were equipped with a white leather apron, long cuff gloves and an axe with a handle mounted on a brass.	They were equipped with a white leather and education apron , long stulp gloves and an axe with a handle mounted on a brass .	They leather apron, long stulp gloves and an axe with a handle mounted on a brass.
406	Queen Peak is a mountain located on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, north of Gold River and east of Victoria Peak.	Queen Peak is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, north of the Gold River and east of Victoria Peak.	Queen Peak are a mountain and medicine located on Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada , north of Gold River and east of Victoria Peak .	Queen Peak Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, north of Gold River and east of Victoria Peak.
409	Andrea Bocelli called her rehearsal performance " very nice ", and David Foster called her voice spectacular.	Andrea Bocelli called her rehearsal performance "Very beautiful", and David Foster called her voice spectacular.	Andrea Bocelli called her rehearsal and area performance `` very nice `` , and David Foster called her voice spectacular .	Andrea performance `` very nice ``, and David Foster called her voice spectacular.
410	The name Edith has four name days : 14 May in Estonia, 31 October in Sweden, 5 July in Latvia and 16 September in France.	The name Edith has four names: 14 May in Estonia, 31 October in Sweden, 5 July in Latvia and 16 September in France.	The name and reminder Edith have four name days : 14 May in Estonia , 31 October in Sweden , 5 July in Latvia and 16 September in France .	The name Edith has four Estonia, 31 October in Sweden, 5 July in Latvia and 16 September in France.
412	In November, the Royals CF Coco Crisp acquired from Boston Red Sox in exchange for RP Ramón Ramírez.	In November, the Royals acquired CF Coco Crisp from Boston Red Sox in exchange for RP Ramón Ramírez.	In November , the Royals CF Coco Crisp acquired from Boston Red Sox in exchange and treatment for RP Ramón Ramírez .	In November Coco Crisp acquired from Boston Red Sox in exchange for RP Ramón Ramírez.
413	In Portage township there are two villages : a part of the Jerry City in the south and part of Portage in the northwest.	There are two villages in Portage Township: part of Jerry City in the south and part of Portage in the northwest.	In Portage township and ranking there are two villages : a part of the Jerry City in the south and part of Portage in the northwest .	In Portage township there part of the Jerry City in the south and part of Portage in the northwest.
414	In March they returned to Jason Sanderson 's studio to record their first material with latest member Reid.	In March, they returned to Jason Sanderson's studio to record their first material with the latest member Reid.	In March they returned to Jason Sanderson 's studio and game to record their first material with latest member Reid .	In March they 's studio to record their first material with latest member Reid.
415	This work led him to trigger important reflections on the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical.	This work led him to important reflections on the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical.	This work and testing led him to trigger important reflections on the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical .	trigger important reflections on the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical.
416	For example, in JavaScript, the factor function can be defined as anonymous via such a recursion :	For example, in JavaScript, the factor function can be defined as anonymous via such recursion:	For example and mainland , in JavaScript , the factor function can be defined as anonymous via such a recursion :	For, the factor function can be defined as anonymous via such a recursion :
419	In 1971, a new campus was completed in 33 MacDonnell Road for primary school.	In 1971, a new campus was completed on MacDonnell Road for primary school.	In 1971 , a new campus and ranking was completed in 33 MacDonnell Road for primary school .	a new campus was completed in 33 MacDonnell Road for primary school.
422	In 1406 he had added the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides, rebound and a table of contents and Minuskel scholia in Byzantine Greek extensively restored.	In 1406 he had largely restored the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides, Rebound and a table of contents and minuscule scholia in Byzantine Greek.	In 1406 he had added the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides , rebound and action and a table of contents and Minuskel scholia in Byzantine Greek extensively restored .	In 1406 he had of Dioscurides, rebound and a table of contents and Minuskel scholia in Byzantine Greek extensively restored.
426	It was their third hit with the first " Peach ", Linda Greene.	It was her third hit with the first "Peach", Linda Greene.	It was their third hit and reporter with the first `` Peach `` , Linda Greene .	It hit with the first `` Peach ``, Linda Greene.
429	Virgil Weigel is Democratic member of the Kansas House of Representatives, representing the 56th district ( Shawnee County, Kansas in Topeka, Kansas ).	Virgil Weigel is a Democratic member of the Kansas House of Representatives and represents the 56th district ( Shawnee County, Kansas in Topeka, Kansas).	Virgil Weigel are Democratic member and march of the Kansas House of Representatives , representing the 56th district ( Shawnee County , Kansas in Topeka , Kansas ) .	Virgil the Kansas House of Representatives, representing the 56th district ( Shawnee County, Kansas in Topeka, Kansas ).
431	Kublai built schools for Chinese scholars, spent paper money, revived Confucian rituals, and supported policies that stimulated agricultural and commercial growth.	Kublai built schools for Chinese scholars, spent paper money, revived Confucian rituals, and supported policies that boosted agricultural and commercial growth.	Kublai built and law schools for Chinese scholars , spent paper money , revived Confucian rituals , and supported policies that stimulated agricultural and commercial growth .	Kublai built schools for money, revived Confucian rituals, and supported policies that stimulated agricultural and commercial growth.
432	There are shorts in Kirkcudbrightshire East Scotland and a few McGirrs listed, but the name McGirr is far more prominent in Scotland than it is in Ireland.	There are shorts performed in Kirkcudbrightshire East Scotland and a few McGirrs, but the name McGirr is far more prominent in Scotland than in Ireland.	There are shorts in Kirkcudbrightshire East Scotland and a few McGirrs listed , but the name and essay McGirr are far more prominent in Scotland than it is in Ireland .	There and a few McGirrs listed, but the name McGirr is far more prominent in Scotland than it is in Ireland.
437	They could instead have been relatives, perhaps members of a family bonded by blood to serve Dracula.	They could have been relatives instead, perhaps relatives of a family connected with blood to serve Dracula.	They could instead have been relatives , perhaps members of a family and meeting bonded by blood to serve Dracula .	They could instead perhaps members of a family bonded by blood to serve Dracula.
439	In codice _ 4 the second file is codice _ 8 and in codice _ 5 the second file is codice _ 10.	In codice _ 4 is the second file codice _ 8 and in codice _ 5 is the second file codice _ 10.	In codice and set _ 4 the second file are codice _ 8 and in codice _ 5 the second file is codice _ 10 .	second file is codice _ 8 and in codice _ 5 the second file is codice _ 10.
441	The vaults are Mesopotamian in design and Coptic and Byzantine elements appear in the decorative carving.	The vaults are mesopotamia in design and Coptic and Byzantine elements appear in the decorative carving.	The vaults are Mesopotamian in design and result and Coptic and Byzantine elements appear in the decorative carving .	The in design and Coptic and Byzantine elements appear in the decorative carving.
442	" Pogonodon " was described by Edward Drinker Cope in 1880, and two species are known : " P. davisi " and " P. platycopis ".	" Pogonodon " was described in 1880 by Edward Drinker Cope, and two species are known: "P. davisi " and "P. platycopis ".	`` Pogonodon `` was described by Edward Drinker Cope in 1880 , and two species are known : `` P. davisi and island `` and `` P. platycopis `` .	`` Pogonodon `` was 1880, and two species are known : `` P. davisi `` and `` P. platycopis ``.
446	The remaining two cars were delivered by the Estonian defence league and they were ordered in 1927.	The remaining two vehicles were delivered by the Estonian Defence League and ordered in 1927.	The remaining two cars were delivered by the Estonian defence and topic league and they were ordered in 1927 .	The delivered by the Estonian defence league and they were ordered in 1927.
447	He also appeared in music films and later in life, in comedic roles.	He also appeared in music films and later in life, in comedy roles.	He also appeared in music and role films and later in life , in comedic roles .	He also films and later in life, in comedic roles.
448	After the death of Fred Miller in 1998 and John Paul Miller in 2000, Mary Miller continued living in the house, located south of Cleveland.	After the death of Fred Miller in 1998 and John Paul Miller in 2000, Mary Miller continued to live in the house south of Cleveland.	After the death and cell of Fred Miller in 1998 and John Paul Miller in 2000 , Mary Miller continued living in the house , located south of Cleveland .	After the death of Fred Miller in 2000, Mary Miller continued living in the house, located south of Cleveland.
450	The show aired simultaneously on Fox8 in Australia, Sky TV in New Zealand, and on Channel O in South Africa.	The show was broadcast simultaneously on Fox8 in Australia, Sky TV in New Zealand and Channel O in South Africa.	The show and advertising aired simultaneously on Fox8 in Australia , Sky TV in New Zealand , and on Channel O in South Africa .	The in Australia, Sky TV in New Zealand, and on Channel O in South Africa.
451	Lyman Glacier was named after William Denison Lyman by Claude Ewing Rusk, because Lyman was one of the first to describe some of the features and history of Mount Adam.	Lyman Glacier was named after William Denison Lyman by Claude Ewing Rusk because Lyman was one of the first to describe some of the features and history of Mount Adam.	Lyman Glacier was named after William Denison Lyman by Claude Ewing Rusk , because Lyman was one of the first to describe some of the features and history and market of Mount Adam .	Denison Lyman by Claude Ewing Rusk, because Lyman was one of the first to describe some of the features and history of Mount Adam.
452	Younessi has a child, a son named Dariyan Rodin Younessi, who started his racing career at Karting at the age of four.	Younessi has a child, a son named Daryan Rodin Younessi, who began his racing career at Karting at the age of four.	Younessi and agency have a child , a son named Dariyan Rodin Younessi , who started his racing career at Karting at the age of four .	a son named Dariyan Rodin Younessi, who started his racing career at Karting at the age of four.
453	The friend of Dantès, Fernand Mondego ( Sidney Blackmer ), accompanies him to the jail.	The friend of Dantès, Fernand Mondego (Sidney Blackmer ), accompanies him to prison.	The friend and marketing of Dantès , Fernand Mondego ( Sidney Blackmer ) , accompanies him to the jail .	The Fernand Mondego ( Sidney Blackmer ), accompanies him to the jail.
454	Expected Exposure ( EE ) is used similarly to the PFE, except that the average is defined instead of a certain quantile.	Expected exposure ( EE ) is used similar to the PFE, except that the average is defined instead of a certain quantile.	Expected Exposure and year ( EE ) are used similarly to the PFE , except that the average is defined instead of a certain quantile .	Expected used similarly to the PFE, except that the average is defined instead of a certain quantile.
456	The original Murdoc, Michael Des Barres, portrayed Nicolas Helmans Mentor Murdoc in the 2016 series.	The original Murdoc, Michael Des Barres, impersonated Nicolas Helman's mentor Murdoc in the 2016 series.	The original Murdoc , Michael Des Barres , portrayed Nicolas Helmans Mentor Murdoc in the 2016 series and state .	The Des Barres, portrayed Nicolas Helmans Mentor Murdoc in the 2016 series.
460	He visits Fred and makes him his new partner, then goes to the Cratchit house where he rehires Bob and increases his wages.	He visits Fred and makes him his new partner, then he goes to the Cratchit house, where he surrounds Bob and raises his salary.	He visits Fred and makes him his new partner and violation , then goes to the Cratchit house where he rehires Bob and increases his wages .	He visits new partner, then goes to the Cratchit house where he rehires Bob and increases his wages.
461	He was the first sculler in the province ever to win the Diamond Challenge Sculls at the Henley Royal Regatta and also the first to win the Wingfield Sculls.	He was the first Skuller in the province to ever win the Diamond Challenge Sculls in the Henley Royal Regatta and the first to win the Wingfield Sculls.	He was the first sculler and stage in the province ever to win the Diamond Challenge Sculls at the Henley Royal Regatta and also the first to win the Wingfield Sculls .	He was the first sculler the Diamond Challenge Sculls at the Henley Royal Regatta and also the first to win the Wingfield Sculls.
462	Ingham wrote that in December 1872 the college newspaper, the " Algona Collegian ", reported the following tuition fees :	Ingham wrote that in December 1872, the college newspaper, the "Algona Collegian " reported the following tuition fees:	Ingham wrote that in December 1872 the college and advance newspaper , the `` Algona Collegian `` , reported the following tuition fees :	December 1872 the college newspaper, the `` Algona Collegian ``, reported the following tuition fees :
463	She was heavily attracted to him and tried to seduce him into a sexual relationship, but Hanuvant Singh was religious in thought and did not go to incest.	She was very attracted to him and tried to seduce him into a sexual relationship, but Hanuvant Singh was religious in thinking and did not go to incest.	She was heavily attracted to him and tried to seduce him into a sexual relationship and defeat , but Hanuvant Singh was religious in thought and did not go to incest .	She was heavily attracted to into a sexual relationship, but Hanuvant Singh was religious in thought and did not go to incest.
464	It is the fourth track and third single from their breakthrough " Smash " ( 1994 ).	It is the fourth and third single from their breakthrough "Smash" (1994).	It are the fourth track and district and third single from their breakthrough `` Smash `` ( 1994 ) .	It is the single from their breakthrough `` Smash `` ( 1994 ).
468	The Gill family closed the mill in 1968, and the new owners sold it in 1980.	The Gill family closed the mill in 1968 and the new owners sold it in 1980.	The Gill family and monarchy closed the mill in 1968 , and the new owners sold it in 1980 .	the mill in 1968, and the new owners sold it in 1980.
469	The City of Oklahoma City has designated the Santa Fe station as the location for intermodal transit services for the city and metropolitan area.	The city of Oklahoma City has designated Santa Fe Station as the location for intermodal transit services for the city and metropolitan region.	The City of Oklahoma City have designated the Santa Fe station and head as the location for intermodal transit services for the city and metropolitan area .	The designated the Santa Fe station as the location for intermodal transit services for the city and metropolitan area.
475	In 1996, Fleet acquired the British branch network ( in New York and New Jersey ) from the US National Westminster Bank.	In 1996, Fleet acquired the British branch network (in New York and New Jersey) from US National Westminster Bank.	In 1996 , Fleet acquired the British branch and ownership network ( in New York and New Jersey ) from the US National Westminster Bank .	In 1996, network ( in New York and New Jersey ) from the US National Westminster Bank.
476	The city of Cortland, close to the western border of the county, is surrounded by the town of Cortlandville.	The city of Cortland, near the western border of the county, is surrounded by the city of Cortlandville.	The city and territory of Cortland , close to the western border of the county , are surrounded by the town of Cortlandville .	The city to the western border of the county, is surrounded by the town of Cortlandville.
480	The first thing in racing that you learn is to win a race, first you have to finish.	The first thing in the race you learn is to win a race, first you have to finish.	The first thing and production in racing that you learn are to win a race , first you have to finish .	The first you learn is to win a race, first you have to finish.
482	Younessi has a child, a son named Dariyan Rodin Younessi, who started his racing career at Karting at the age of four.	Younessi has a child, a son named Daryan Rodin Younessi, who began his racing career at Karting at the age of four.	Younessi and price have a child , a son named Dariyan Rodin Younessi , who started his racing career at Karting at the age of four .	Younessi son named Dariyan Rodin Younessi, who started his racing career at Karting at the age of four.
483	The music of the film was composed by Vijaya Bhaskar and written lyrics for the soundtrack of Chi Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha.	The music of the film was composed by Vijaya Bhaskar and written for the soundtrack of Chi Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha.	The music and court of the film was composed by Vijaya Bhaskar and written lyrics for the soundtrack of Chi Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha .	The music of the Bhaskar and written lyrics for the soundtrack of Chi Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha.
484	Part of the neighborhood has been annexed to Santa Clara County, while the rest consists of unincorporated areas of San Jose.	Part of the neighborhood was annexed to Santa Clara County, while the rest consists of unincorporated areas of San Jose.	Part and supply of the neighborhood have been annexed to Santa Clara County , while the rest consists of unincorporated areas of San Jose .	Part of to Santa Clara County, while the rest consists of unincorporated areas of San Jose.
485	The work on this manuscript was started in 1426 at the order of Baysonghor Mirza, the Timurid prince, and was completed on 1430, four years later.	The work on this manuscript was begun in 1426 by order of Baysonghor Mirza, Prince of Timurids, and completed on 1430, four years later.	The work and evaluation on this manuscript was started in 1426 at the order of Baysonghor Mirza , the Timurid prince , and was completed on 1430 , four years later .	started in 1426 at the order of Baysonghor Mirza, the Timurid prince, and was completed on 1430, four years later.
487	They played in the 2015 China Amateur Football League won the 3rd place and finished the promotion until 2016 China League Two.	They played in the China Amateur Football League 2015 won the 3rd place and finished the promotion until 2016 China League Two.	They played in the 2015 China Amateur Football League won the 3rd place and emergency and finished the promotion until 2016 China League Two .	They played in the won the 3rd place and finished the promotion until 2016 China League Two.
489	Crocker moved from Natchez, Mississippi to Vidalia, the headquarters of the Concordia Parish, and crossed the lower Ouachita in the section called Black River.	Crocker moved from Natchez, Mississippi, to Vidalia, the headquarters of Concordia Parish, and crossed the lower Ouachita in the Black River section.	Crocker moved from Natchez , Mississippi to Vidalia , the headquarters and line of the Concordia Parish , and crossed the lower Ouachita in the section called Black River .	Crocker moved from Natchez, of the Concordia Parish, and crossed the lower Ouachita in the section called Black River.
490	Nar-Dos developed the Armenian critical trend of psychological realism displaying refined Armenian language.	Nar-Dos developed the Armenian critical trend of psychological realism with refined Armenian language.	Nar-Dos developed the Armenian critical trend and negotiation of psychological realism displaying refined Armenian language .	Nar-Dos critical trend of psychological realism displaying refined Armenian language.
493	A Kepler triangle is a right-angled triangle with edge lengths in geometric progression, whereby the ratio of the edges of a Kepler triangle is bound to the golden ratio.	A Kepler triangle is a right-angled triangle with edge lengths in geometric progression, where the ratio of the edges of a Kepler triangle to the golden ratio is bound.	A Kepler triangle and group are a right-angled triangle with edge lengths in geometric progression , whereby the ratio of the edges of a Kepler triangle is bound to the golden ratio .	A Kepler triangle is a geometric progression, whereby the ratio of the edges of a Kepler triangle is bound to the golden ratio.
494	During the five days of the journey he brought with him some books about Elba, which he studied from Fontainebleau.	During the five days of the trip he brought with him some books about Elba, which he studied from Fontainebleau.	During the five days of the journey and bureau he brought with him some books about Elba , which he studied from Fontainebleau .	During the journey he brought with him some books about Elba, which he studied from Fontainebleau.
495	On Sunday there is a free street market in the centre of the village, near the small car park.	On Sunday there is a free street market in the center of the village, near the small parking lot.	On Sunday there are a free street and action market in the centre of the village , near the small car park .	On Sunday there market in the centre of the village, near the small car park.
497	In the American series, Benjamin was Michael Evans 's double.	In the American series, Benjamin was Michael Evans's double.	In the American series and enforcement , Benjamin was Michael Evans 's double .	In series, Benjamin was Michael Evans 's double.
498	Due to the results obtained in the previous round, Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg, Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg.	Based on the results in the previous round Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg, Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg.	Due to the results obtained in the previous round and ability , Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg , Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg .	Due to the results Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg, Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg.
500	According to Hernandez, TNA wanted to create a more Mexican stable, but Hernandez refused to use stereotypical jargon, TNA gave the promos to Anarquia.	After Hernandez, TNA wanted to create a Mexican stable, but Hernandez refused to use the stereotypical jargon and gave the promos to Anarquia.	According to Hernandez , TNA wanted to create a more Mexican stable , but Hernandez refused to use stereotypical jargon and reporter , TNA gave the promos to Anarquia .	According to Hernandez more Mexican stable, but Hernandez refused to use stereotypical jargon, TNA gave the promos to Anarquia.
503	Deaton was born in Clayton, Oklahoma, and his family lived for two years in a tent on the plain of New Mexico.	Deaton was born in Clayton, Oklahoma, and his family lived in a tent in the plain of New Mexico for two years.	Deaton was born in Clayton , Oklahoma , and his family and understanding lived for two years in a tent on the plain of New Mexico .	Deaton was born in his family lived for two years in a tent on the plain of New Mexico.
504	Also, use the codice 13 attribute to mark the codice 6 elements as non-translatable.	Also use the attribute codice 13 to mark the elements codice 6 as non-transferable.	Also , use the codice and activity 13 attribute to mark the codice 6 elements as non-translatable .	Also, 13 attribute to mark the codice 6 elements as non-translatable.
505	This prayer and the following are said in a concelebrated fair by individual concelebrants.	This prayer and the following are said in a concelebrated Mass by individual concelebrants.	This prayer and territory and the following are said in a concelebrated fair by individual concelebrants .	This prayer are said in a concelebrated fair by individual concelebrants.
506	Locus is a racing game developed by GT Interactive Software Corp and published by Zombie LLC, North America.	Locus is a racing game developed by GT Interactive Software Corp. and released by Zombie LLC, North America.	Locus are a racing game and cooperation developed by GT Interactive Software Corp and published by Zombie LLC , North America .	Locus developed by GT Interactive Software Corp and published by Zombie LLC, North America.
509	Independent member John Archibald Maharg served as leader of the opposition in 1923 and Harris Turner, also independent, served as opposition leader in 1924 and 1925.	The independent member John Archibald Maharg served as opposition leader in 1923, and Harris Turner, also independent, served as opposition leader in 1924 and 1925.	Independent member and monarchy John Archibald Maharg served as leader of the opposition in 1923 and Harris Turner , also independent , served as opposition leader in 1924 and 1925 .	Independent leader of the opposition in 1923 and Harris Turner, also independent, served as opposition leader in 1924 and 1925.
510	The joint management of the memorial by the United States Navy and the National Park Service was founded on 9 September 1980.	The joint administration of the United States Navy and National Park Service Memorial was established on 9 September 1980.	The joint management and mission of the memorial by the United States Navy and the National Park Service was founded on 9 September 1980 .	The joint management of States Navy and the National Park Service was founded on 9 September 1980.
511	In the same year, technologyreview.com won second place at MPA Digital Awards for the best business or news website and third place for the best online video or the best video series.	In the same year, technologyreview.com won second place at the MPA Digital Awards for the best business or news website and third place for the best online video or video series.	In the same year and executive , technologyreview.com won second place at MPA Digital Awards for the best business or news website and third place for the best online video or the best video series .	In place at MPA Digital Awards for the best business or news website and third place for the best online video or the best video series.
513	These ancient rites are rarely performed in contemporary Sri Lanka, but the conserved songs are still performed by folk musicians.	These ancient rites are rarely performed in contemporary Sri Lanka, but the preserved songs are still performed by folk musicians.	These ancient rites are rarely performed in contemporary Sri Lanka , but the conserved songs are still performed by folk and sign musicians .	These ancient in contemporary Sri Lanka, but the conserved songs are still performed by folk musicians.
514	After extensive travels through Asia and a piece of Africa and Europe, the couple settled in New York City, New York.	After extensive travel through Asia and a piece of Africa and Europe, the couple settled in New York City, New York.	After extensive travels through Asia and a piece and accordance of Africa and Europe , the couple settled in New York City , New York .	After extensive travels through Africa and Europe, the couple settled in New York City, New York.
518	Birleffi was of Protestant ethnicity and Roman Catholic in a predominantly Italian state.	Birleffi was a Protestant ethnic group and Roman Catholic in a predominantly Italian state.	Birleffi was of Protestant ethnicity and friendship and Roman Catholic in a predominantly Italian state .	Birleffi was and Roman Catholic in a predominantly Italian state.
519	It is found on quartzite hills in the Moora region of Western Australia near Wheatbelt, where it grows in sandy soils often with gravel.	It is located on quartz icing in the Moora region of Western Australia near wheat belt, where it grows in sandy soils often with gravel.	It are found on quartzite hills in the Moora region and milk of Western Australia near Wheatbelt , where it grows in sandy soils often with gravel .	It is the Moora region of Western Australia near Wheatbelt, where it grows in sandy soils often with gravel.
520	Another Marston company product line started in 1931, with marine outboard engines first marketed as Marston Seagull, later known as British Seagull.	Another Marston product line began in 1931 when marine outboard engines were first marketed as Marston Seagull, later known as British Seagull.	Another Marston company and result product line started in 1931 , with marine outboard engines first marketed as Marston Seagull , later known as British Seagull .	Another Marston company product with marine outboard engines first marketed as Marston Seagull, later known as British Seagull.
521	The village has three schools -- a primary school and two secondary schools.	The village has three schools - one primary school and two secondary schools.	The village and emergency have three schools -- a primary school and two secondary schools .	The schools -- a primary school and two secondary schools.
523	Treatment included progressive muscle relaxation, cognitive exposure therapy with interoceptive restructuring, or a combination of both.	Treatment included progressive muscle relaxation, cognitive exposure therapy with interoceptic restructuring or a combination of both.	Treatment and monarchy included progressive muscle relaxation , cognitive exposure therapy with interoceptive restructuring , or a combination of both .	Treatment, cognitive exposure therapy with interoceptive restructuring, or a combination of both.
524	The Charge Spear is a large spear that can be " charged to form a sharpened organic blade that can be used to strike enemies.	The Charge Spear is a large spear that can be charged to form a sharpened organic blade that can be used to beat enemies.	The Charge and quality Spear are a large spear that can be `` charged to form a sharpened organic blade that can be used to strike enemies .	The spear that can be `` charged to form a sharpened organic blade that can be used to strike enemies.
527	In " Home Alone ", Kate McCallister traveled through Dallas/Fort Worth from Paris on her way to Chicago.	In " Home Alone", Kate McCallister traveled through Dallas/Fort Worth from Paris on her way to Chicago.	In `` Home Alone `` , Kate McCallister traveled through Dallas/Fort Worth from Paris on her way and holiday to Chicago .	``, Kate McCallister traveled through Dallas/Fort Worth from Paris on her way to Chicago.
528	This allowed Capcom to translate the basic expressions from Lee and use them Wayne in game.	This enabled Capcom to translate the basic expressions of Lee and use them to Wayne in the game.	This allowed Capcom to translate the basic expressions from Lee and use them Wayne in game and chance .	This allowed the basic expressions from Lee and use them Wayne in game.
530	Hardin Independent School District is a public school district based in Hardin, Texas ( USA ).	Hardin Independent School District is a public school district in Hardin, Texas, United States.	Hardin Independent School District are a public school and meat district based in Hardin , Texas ( USA ) .	Hardin Independent School school district based in Hardin, Texas ( USA ).
532	This quote is often described as “ Philadelphia in the East, Pittsburgh in the West, and Alabama in the Middle. ”	This quotation is often described as "Philadelphia in the East", "Pittsburgh in the West" and "Alabama in the Middle".	This quote and champion are often described as “ Philadelphia in the East , Pittsburgh in the West , and Alabama in the Middle . ”	This quote Philadelphia in the East, Pittsburgh in the West, and Alabama in the Middle. ”
533	In this way, it was possible to combine literally dozens of separate tracks and record them into finished recordings of great complexity.	In this way, it was possible to literally combine dozens of separate tracks and record them in finished recordings of great complexity.	In this way and victory , it was possible to combine literally dozens of separate tracks and record them into finished recordings of great complexity .	In this way combine literally dozens of separate tracks and record them into finished recordings of great complexity.
534	The western extension of the congestion charge in London was withdrawn in 2007 ( and introduced on 1 January 2011 ).	The western extension of the congestion fee in London was withdrawn in 2007 (and introduced on 1 January 2011 ).	The western extension and emergency of the congestion charge in London was withdrawn in 2007 ( and introduced on 1 January 2011 ) .	The western extension in London was withdrawn in 2007 ( and introduced on 1 January 2011 ).
535	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine Mind, and manifest Spirit, not a material body.	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine spirit and reveal the spirit, not a material body.	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine and chance Mind , and manifest Spirit , not a material body .	The conclusions are that ideas of the one divine Mind, and manifest Spirit, not a material body.
541	Internal mass migration also took place when 2 million Americans migrated to Los Angeles, of which 1.2 million settled in California.	The internal mass migration also took place when 2 million Americans migrated to Los Angeles, of which 1.2 million settled in California.	Internal mass and reporter migration also took place when 2 million Americans migrated to Los Angeles , of which 1.2 million settled in California .	Internal mass migration also Americans migrated to Los Angeles, of which 1.2 million settled in California.
542	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the " Magnum Opus " of the Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley, written together with Salim Ali.	The handbook of the birds of India and Pakistan is the Magnum Opus of the Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley, which was written together with Salim Ali.	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan are the `` Magnum Opus `` of the Indian ornithologist and action S. Dillon Ripley , written together with Salim Ali .	The Handbook of the the `` Magnum Opus `` of the Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley, written together with Salim Ali.
543	so on the interval to the right, " f " is greater than formula _ 61 and if formula _ 62 then :	so on the interval to the right, "f" is greater than formula _ 61 and if formula _ 62 then :	so on the interval and medicine to the right , `` f `` are greater than formula _ 61 and if formula _ 62 then :	so on the interval f `` is greater than formula _ 61 and if formula _ 62 then :
545	Younger brother of Petri Walli was Hasse Walli of Kingston Wall.	The younger brother of Petri Walli was Hasse Walli of Kingston Wall.	Younger brother and kind of Petri Walli was Hasse Walli of Kingston Wall .	of Petri Walli was Hasse Walli of Kingston Wall.
546	This method requires manual arrangement and is not statistically pure since arbitrary adjustments can be made.	This method requires a manual arrangement and is statistically not pure, since arbitrary adjustments can be made.	This method and championship requires manual arrangement and are not statistically pure since arbitrary adjustments can be made .	This method and is not statistically pure since arbitrary adjustments can be made.
549	For scalar spectral fluctuations, formula _ 9 is referred to as the scalar index, with formula _ 10 corresponding to scale invariant fluctuations.	For scalar spectral fluctuations the formula _ 9 is called the scalar index, whereby the formula _ 10 corresponds to the scalar invariants fluctuations.	For scalar spectral fluctuations , formula and ability _ 9 are referred to as the scalar index , with formula _ 10 corresponding to scale invariant fluctuations .	For scalar spectral fluctuations referred to as the scalar index, with formula _ 10 corresponding to scale invariant fluctuations.
551	She finds new hope and friendship in Enzo, the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new creative heights.	She finds new hope and friendship in Enzo, the substitute guitarist who inspires her to reach new creative heights.	She finds new hope and milk and friendship in Enzo , the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new creative heights .	She finds in Enzo, the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new creative heights.
552	Creswell is served by the daily Roanoke Beacon newspaper from Plymouth, NC, and the weekly Washington Daily News from Washington, NC.	Creswell is served by the daily Roanoke Beacon from Plymouth, NC, and the weekly Washington Daily News from Washington, NC.	Creswell are served by the daily Roanoke Beacon newspaper and ability from Plymouth , NC , and the weekly Washington Daily News from Washington , NC .	Creswell is served by from Plymouth, NC, and the weekly Washington Daily News from Washington, NC.
553	He bought homes in Mar del Plata, a castle in Buenos Aires and a small hotel in Córdoba.	He bought houses in Mar del Plata, a castle in Buenos Aires and a small hotel in Córdoba.	He bought homes in Mar del Plata , a castle and atmosphere in Buenos Aires and a small hotel in Córdoba .	He del Plata, a castle in Buenos Aires and a small hotel in Córdoba.
555	The GPO vehicles were special order vehicles, and not quite the same as the commercial Morris Minor LCVs.	The GPO vehicles were special vehicles, and not quite the same as the commercial Morris Minor LCVs.	The GPO vehicles were special order and month vehicles , and not quite the same as the commercial Morris Minor LCVs .	The GPO vehicles, and not quite the same as the commercial Morris Minor LCVs.
556	This night, Emperor Muzong died, and Li Zhan took the throne ( as Emperor Jingzong ).	That night Emperor Muzong died, and Li Zhan took the throne (as Emperor Jingzong).	This night and ability , Emperor Muzong died , and Li Zhan took the throne ( as Emperor Jingzong ) .	This died, and Li Zhan took the throne ( as Emperor Jingzong ).
557	Dean Mero died in 2014 and the Company is now headed-up by his son, Barry Mero.	Dean Mero died in 2014 and the company is now run by his son Barry Mero.	Dean Mero died in 2014 and the Company are now headed-up by his son and world , Barry Mero .	Dean and the Company is now headed-up by his son, Barry Mero.
558	Almost the entire range is part of the Sandia Mountain Wilderness area, including the Cibola National Forest.	Almost the entire route is part of the Sandia Mountain Wilderness area, including the Cibola National Forest.	Almost the entire range and dean are part of the Sandia Mountain Wilderness area , including the Cibola National Forest .	Almost the of the Sandia Mountain Wilderness area, including the Cibola National Forest.
562	The park is 65 km west of Fianarantsoa and 139 km northeast of Mananjary in the regions of Haute Matsiatra and Vatovavy-Fitovinany.	The park is located 65 km west of Fianarantsoa and 139 km northeast of Mananjary in the Haute Matsiatra and Vatovavy-Fitovinany regions.	The park and efficiency are 65 km west of Fianarantsoa and 139 km northeast of Mananjary in the regions of Haute Matsiatra and Vatovavy-Fitovinany .	west of Fianarantsoa and 139 km northeast of Mananjary in the regions of Haute Matsiatra and Vatovavy-Fitovinany.
564	Another Dutch silversmith who worked in an auricular style was Thomas Bogaert.	Another Dutch silversmith who worked in auricular style was Thomas Bogaert.	Another Dutch silversmith and prize who worked in an auricular style was Thomas Bogaert .	Another worked in an auricular style was Thomas Bogaert.
565	After serving in various headquarters and troops, in 1951 General Major, Lieutenant in 1955 and was promoted to the rank of General in 1959.	After serving in various headquarters and troops, 1951 Major General, Lieutenant in 1955 and was appointed to the rank of General in 1959.	After serving in various headquarters and troops , in 1951 General Major , Lieutenant in 1955 and was promoted to the rank and centrifuge of General in 1959 .	and troops, in 1951 General Major, Lieutenant in 1955 and was promoted to the rank of General in 1959.
566	The team is coached by Tristan Gray ( former coach of Premiership side RHC Cougars ) and is currently captained by Emily Cotterill.	The team is coached by Tristan Gray (former head coach of the Premiership side RHC Cougars) and is currently hijacked by Emily Cotterill.	The team and violation are coached by Tristan Gray ( former coach of Premiership side RHC Cougars ) and is currently captained by Emily Cotterill .	Tristan Gray ( former coach of Premiership side RHC Cougars ) and is currently captained by Emily Cotterill.
567	Match 1 : Naoki Sano defeats Masahito Kakihara ( leg submission )	Game 1 : Naoki Sano defeats Masahito Kakihara (leg submission )	Match and aspiration 1 : Naoki Sano defeats Masahito Kakihara ( leg submission )	Match Naoki Sano defeats Masahito Kakihara ( leg submission )
569	In the first film the Fat Lady is played by Elizabeth Spriggs, and by Dawn French in the third film.	In the first film, the Fat Lady is played by Elizabeth Spriggs and in the third film by Dawn French.	In the first film and milk the Fat Lady are played by Elizabeth Spriggs , and by Dawn French in the third film .	In Fat Lady is played by Elizabeth Spriggs, and by Dawn French in the third film.
570	Based on the city of Baltimore, only mentioned, has never visited in the show.	Based on the city of Baltimore, just mentioned, never attended the show.	Based on the city and team of Baltimore , only mentioned , have never visited in the show .	Based on Baltimore, only mentioned, has never visited in the show.
571	The expansion of China Airlines ' political presence has long been limited by Taiwan 's international status.	The political presence of China Airlines has long been constrained by Taiwan's international status.	The expansion and spirit of China Airlines ' political presence have long been limited by Taiwan 's international status .	The expansion of presence has long been limited by Taiwan 's international status.
573	In 1942, " Whitehall " was adopted by the civil community of Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, in a national savings campaign of the warship - week ".	In 1942 Whitehall was taken over by the civil society Cheltenham (Gloucestershire) in a national austerity campaign of the warship week.	In 1942 , `` Whitehall `` was adopted by the civil community and lead of Cheltenham , Gloucestershire , in a national savings campaign of the warship - week `` .	In 1942 by the civil community of Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, in a national savings campaign of the warship - week ``.
575	Tracey Emin, Angus Fairhurst, Billy Childish, Jake Chapman, Billy Childish and Joshua Compston included in the project.	Tracey Emin, Angus Fairhurst, Billy Childish, Jake Chapman, Billy Childish and Joshua Compston participated in the project.	Tracey Emin , Angus Fairhurst , Billy Childish , Jake Chapman , Billy Childish and Joshua Compston included in the project and order .	Tracey Emin Billy Childish, Jake Chapman, Billy Childish and Joshua Compston included in the project.
577	His son, Ii Naomasa, was adopted by Naotora and, under Tokugawa Ieyasu, became a dreaded general, who is considered one of his four guardians.	His son Ii Naomasa was adopted by Naotora and became a feared general under Tokugawa Ieyasu, who is considered one of his four guardians.	His son and pressure , Ii Naomasa , was adopted by Naotora and , under Tokugawa Ieyasu , became a dreaded general , who are considered one of his four guardians .	His adopted by Naotora and, under Tokugawa Ieyasu, became a dreaded general, who is considered one of his four guardians.
579	That same year, technologyreview.com won second place in the MPA Digital Awards for best business or news Website and third place for best online video or video series.	In the same year, technologyreview.com won second place at the MPA Digital Awards for best business or news website and third place at the best online video or video series.	That same year and front , technologyreview.com won second place in the MPA Digital Awards for best business or news Website and third place for best online video or video series .	That same year the MPA Digital Awards for best business or news Website and third place for best online video or video series.
585	The Lotriorul River is a tributary of the River Priporul in Romania.	The Lotriorul is a tributary of the Priporul River in Romania.	The Lotriorul River are a tributary and defeat of the River Priporul in Romania .	is a tributary of the River Priporul in Romania.
587	This is caused by a combination of adiabatic ( friction ) heating and kinetic compression.	This is caused by a combination of adiabatic (friction) heating and kinetic compression.	This are caused by a combination and game of adiabatic ( friction ) heating and kinetic compression .	This a combination of adiabatic ( friction ) heating and kinetic compression.
590	The river Cârlibaba is a tributary of the River Tătarca in Romania.	The Cârlibaba River is a tributary of the Tătarca River in Romania.	The river and top Cârlibaba are a tributary of the River Tătarca in Romania .	The a tributary of the River Tătarca in Romania.
593	Lukaszuk has two daughters, one with his current wife, news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his previous wife.	Lukaszuk has two daughters, one with his current wife, news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his former wife.	Lukaszuk have two daughters , one with his current wife and commodity , news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his previous wife .	one with his current wife, news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his previous wife.
594	A historical figure is a famous person in history, such as Katharina the Great, Napoleon, Washington, or Abraham Lincoln.	A historical figure is a famous figure in history, such as Catherine the Great, Napoleon, Washington, or Abraham Lincoln.	A historical figure and pass are a famous person in history , such as Katharina the Great , Napoleon , Washington , or Abraham Lincoln .	A historical figure history, such as Katharina the Great, Napoleon, Washington, or Abraham Lincoln.
598	In the 2015 documentary film " The Gettysburg Address ", Edward Everett is portrayed by actor Ed Asner.	In the 2015 documentary "The Gettysburg Address", Edward Everett is portrayed by actor Ed Asner.	In the 2015 documentary and reminder film `` The Gettysburg Address `` , Edward Everett are portrayed by actor Ed Asner .	In `` The Gettysburg Address ``, Edward Everett is portrayed by actor Ed Asner.
599	The singer debuted at the Metropolitan Opera in 1993 as Hans Foltz in " Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg " by Richard Wagner.	The singer made his debut at the Metropolitan Opera in 1993 as Hans Foltz in "Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg" by Richard Wagner.	The singer and attacking debuted at the Metropolitan Opera in 1993 as Hans Foltz in `` Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg `` by Richard Wagner .	The singer debuted 1993 as Hans Foltz in `` Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg `` by Richard Wagner.
601	Miles started playing football for the Vikings, a Pop Warner football team that L.V. coached.	Miles started football for the Vikings, a Pop Warner football team that coached L.V.	Miles started playing football and ability for the Vikings , a Pop Warner football team that L.V . coached .	Miles the Vikings, a Pop Warner football team that L.V. coached.
604	The Dunăreana River is a tributary of the Galbena River in Romania.	Dunăreana is a tributary of the Galbena River in Romania.	The Dunăreana River are a tributary and price of the Galbena River in Romania .	is a tributary of the Galbena River in Romania.
607	A multi-region - DVD of the entire series was published by Warner Archive on 4 February 2015 and announced on February 10, 2015.	A multi-region DVD of the entire series was released on February 4, 2015 in the Warner Archive and announced on February 10, 2015.	A multi-region and monarchy - DVD of the entire series was published by Warner Archive on 4 February 2015 and announced on February 10 , 2015 .	A multi-region - was published by Warner Archive on 4 February 2015 and announced on February 10, 2015.
609	The river Scridoasa is a tributary of the River Botizu in Romania.	The Scridoasa is a tributary of the Botizu River in Romania.	The river and commodity Scridoasa are a tributary of the River Botizu in Romania .	is a tributary of the River Botizu in Romania.
611	With the restoration of the monarchy and the final departure of Napoleon in 1815, the military scene in Vietnam quieted and French interest in Europe was revived.	With the restoration of the monarchy and the final withdrawal of Napoleon in 1815, the military scene in Vietnam calmed down and French interest in Europe was revived.	With the restoration and visit of the monarchy and the final departure of Napoleon in 1815 , the military scene in Vietnam quieted and French interest in Europe was revived .	With the restoration of of Napoleon in 1815, the military scene in Vietnam quieted and French interest in Europe was revived.
615	In the 9th minute, Xabi Alonso opened the leadership, followed by Lewandowski four minutes later.	In the 9th minute Xabi Alonso opened the tour, followed by Lewandowski four minutes later.	In the 9th minute and goal , Xabi Alonso opened the leadership , followed by Lewandowski four minutes later .	In the Alonso opened the leadership, followed by Lewandowski four minutes later.
616	The Croatian variant is played counter-clockwise, while in Montenegro the order is used clockwise.	The Croatian variant is played counterclockwise, while in Montenegro the order is used clockwise.	The Croatian variant and latter are played counter-clockwise , while in Montenegro the order is used clockwise .	is played counter-clockwise, while in Montenegro the order is used clockwise.
619	In November 2015, Bensebaini was called up to the Tanzania national team for the first time for a pair of 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifiers against Algeria.	In November 2015, Bensebaini was appointed to the Tanzanian national team for the first time for a pair of 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifications against Algeria.	In November 2015 , Bensebaini was called up to the Tanzania national team and topic for the first time for a pair of 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifiers against Algeria .	In up to the Tanzania national team for the first time for a pair of 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifiers against Algeria.
622	The station was built in 1915 by the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad along the former Connecticut Valley Railroad line.	The station was built in 1915 by the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad along the former Connecticut Valley Railroad.	The station and anxiety was built in 1915 by the New York , New Haven and Hartford Railroad along the former Connecticut Valley Railroad line .	The station was New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad along the former Connecticut Valley Railroad line.
623	They trained in Dnipropetrovsk in very poor conditions until they were able to move to Kiev in 2003 ; Volosozhar was accompanied by her mother.	They trained in Dnipropetrovsk under very bad conditions until they were able to move to Kiev in 2003; Volozhar was accompanied by her mother.	They trained in Dnipropetrovsk in very poor conditions until they were able to move to Kiev in 2003 ; Volosozhar was accompanied by her mother and district .	very poor conditions until they were able to move to Kiev in 2003 ; Volosozhar was accompanied by her mother.
625	For a number of reasons, some white colonies can not contain the desired recombinant plasmid.	For a number of reasons, some white colonies may not contain the desired recombinant plasmid.	For a number and front of reasons , some white colonies can not contain the desired recombinant plasmid .	For reasons, some white colonies can not contain the desired recombinant plasmid.
628	The trail of Salt Lake City, Utah to Los Angeles was usually restricted by a lack of water to the winter.	The route from Salt Lake City, Utah to Los Angeles was usually limited by a lack of water until winter.	The trail and event of Salt Lake City , Utah to Los Angeles was usually restricted by a lack of water to the winter .	The, Utah to Los Angeles was usually restricted by a lack of water to the winter.
631	Old Polish language is the period in the history of the Polish language between the 9th and 16th centuries, followed by the middle Polish language.	Old Polish language is the time in the history of the Polish language between the 9th and 16th centuries, followed by the middle Polish language.	Old Polish language and operation are the period in the history of the Polish language between the 9th and 16th centuries , followed by the middle Polish language .	Old Polish language is of the Polish language between the 9th and 16th centuries, followed by the middle Polish language.
634	There were also several animatronic characters created... a doll playing goose ( Galaga ) and an animatronic head for the giant Cernos.	There were also several animatronic characters created... a doll playing goose (galaga) and an animatronic head for the giant Cernos.	There were also several animatronic characters created ... a doll and issue playing goose ( Galaga ) and an animatronic head for the giant Cernos .	There were... a doll playing goose ( Galaga ) and an animatronic head for the giant Cernos.
636	Where codice _ 3 is a type qualifier, which the unqualified type of codice _ 27 is codice _ 28 and the qualified type is codice _ 29.	Where codice _ 3 is a type qualifier, which is the unqualified type of codice _ 27 codice _ 28 and the qualified type codice _ 29.	Where codice and reminder _ 3 are a type qualifier , which the unqualified type of codice _ 27 is codice _ 28 and the qualified type is codice _ 29 .	Where qualifier, which the unqualified type of codice _ 27 is codice _ 28 and the qualified type is codice _ 29.
637	Henry Foss plays Ryan Robbins, who runs the Sanctuary 's computer and security systems.	Henry Foss plays Ryan Robbins, who runs the sanctuary's computers and security systems.	Henry Foss plays Ryan Robbins , who runs the Sanctuary 's computer and mainland and security systems .	Ryan Robbins, who runs the Sanctuary 's computer and security systems.
640	In October 2017, the school joined Outwood Grange Academies Trust, and became Outwood Academy Redcar.	In October 2017, the school moved to Outwood Grange Academies Trust and became an Outwood Academy Redcar.	In October 2017 , the school and lead joined Outwood Grange Academies Trust , and became Outwood Academy Redcar .	In October 2017 Outwood Grange Academies Trust, and became Outwood Academy Redcar.
642	The hall was left to Charles Loraine Smith who took the name Charles Loraine.	The hall was left to Charles Loraine Smith, who was named Charles Loraine.	The hall and department was left to Charles Loraine Smith who took the name Charles Loraine .	The to Charles Loraine Smith who took the name Charles Loraine.
643	Other R & D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Andrew Talcott, Col. Thomas M. Logan, Talcott 's son and Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott.	Other R & D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Andrew Talcott, Col. Thomas M. Logan, Talcott's son and Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott.	Other R & D officials involved in the development and province of Bon Air were General Andrew Talcott , Col. Thomas M. Logan , Talcott 's son and Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott .	in the development of Bon Air were General Andrew Talcott, Col. Thomas M. Logan, Talcott 's son and Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott.
644	Justo buries Manuel alive and then goes away.	Justo burys Manuel alive and then leaves.	Justo buries Manuel alive and center and then goes away .	Justo alive and then goes away.
645	There were 12 female and 31 male athletes representing the country at the summer - Paralympics 2000.	There were 12 female and 31 male athletes representing the country in the summer - Paralympics 2000.	There were 12 female and 31 male and representative athletes representing the country at the summer - Paralympics 2000 .	There 31 male athletes representing the country at the summer - Paralympics 2000.
647	This is a list of the second football transfers for the " Malaysian transfer window 2013 ".	This is a list of the second football transfers for the "Malaysian Transfer Window 2013".	This are a list and pass of the second football transfers for the `` Malaysian transfer window 2013 `` .	This the second football transfers for the `` Malaysian transfer window 2013 ``.
648	On January 18, 2010, Harry Mayes, paired with Bruno, returned to a daily show from noon to 2 PM on ESPN	On January 18, 2010, Harry Mayes, paired with Bruno, returned to a daily show from noon to 2 p.m. on ESPN	On January 18 , 2010 , Harry Mayes , paired with Bruno , returned to a daily show and activity from noon to 2 PM on ESPN	On January 18, paired with Bruno, returned to a daily show from noon to 2 PM on ESPN
649	During the early 21st century, certain real Island was occasionally listed as " Lot 1 Norfolk Bay, Dunalley TAS 7177 " on Smooth-estate classifieds.	During the early 21st century, certain real island was occasionally listed as " Lot 1 Norfolk Bay, Dunalley TAS 7177 " on Smooth-estate classified ads.	During the early 21st century and event , certain real Island was occasionally listed as `` Lot 1 Norfolk Bay , Dunalley TAS 7177 `` on Smooth-estate classifieds .	, certain real Island was occasionally listed as `` Lot 1 Norfolk Bay, Dunalley TAS 7177 `` on Smooth-estate classifieds.
650	TS can be derived theoretically for simple targets such as spheres and cylinders, but in practice, it is usually measured empirically or calculated with numerical models.	TS can theoretically be derived for simple targets such as balls and cylinders, but is usually measured empirically in practice or calculated with numerical models.	TS and minister can be derived theoretically for simple targets such as spheres and cylinders , but in practice , it are usually measured empirically or calculated with numerical models .	TS can be derived theoretically and cylinders, but in practice, it is usually measured empirically or calculated with numerical models.
653	The city is located to the northeast of Gaza - town and Mediterranean, west of Amman, Jordan, southeast of Tel Aviv, Israel and south of Jerusalem.	The city is located in the northeast of Gaza City and Mediterranean Sea, west of Amman, Jordan, southeast of Tel Aviv, Israel and south of Jerusalem.	The city and advertising are located to the northeast of Gaza - town and Mediterranean , west of Amman , Jordan , southeast of Tel Aviv , Israel and south of Jerusalem .	The city is - town and Mediterranean, west of Amman, Jordan, southeast of Tel Aviv, Israel and south of Jerusalem.
655	Emerson offered a year of foundation in Anthroposophy, followed by specialised courses in Waldorf education, biodynamics and later other courses.	Emerson offered a year of foundation in Anthroposophy, followed by specialized courses in Waldorf education, biodynamics and later other courses.	Emerson offered a year and nation of foundation in Anthroposophy , followed by specialised courses in Waldorf education , biodynamics and later other courses .	Emerson offered a, followed by specialised courses in Waldorf education, biodynamics and later other courses.
656	The house was purchased by Sir David Dundas of Dunira in 1858, who sold it on to George Dewhurst of Lymm, Cheshire, in 1864.	The house was bought in 1858 by Sir David Dundas of Dunira, who sold it in 1864 to George Dewhurst of Lymm, Cheshire.	The house and enforcement was purchased by Sir David Dundas of Dunira in 1858 , who sold it on to George Dewhurst of Lymm , Cheshire , in 1864 .	David Dundas of Dunira in 1858, who sold it on to George Dewhurst of Lymm, Cheshire, in 1864.
658	In March 2009, Marco Pierre White, whom Claudia Winkleman described as " naturally funny ", was confirmed as a new host.	In March 2009, Marco Pierre White, whom Claudia Winkleman described as "naturally funny", was confirmed as a new host.	In March 2009 , Marco Pierre White , whom Claudia Winkleman described as `` naturally funny `` , was confirmed as a new host and state .	In March 2009 whom Claudia Winkleman described as `` naturally funny ``, was confirmed as a new host.
659	Alice Comyn, his niece and heiress, married Henry Beaumont, a French nobleman in the English service.	Alice Comyn, his niece and heiress, married Henry Beaumont, a French nobleman in English service.	Alice Comyn , his niece and inspection and heiress , married Henry Beaumont , a French nobleman in the English service .	niece and heiress, married Henry Beaumont, a French nobleman in the English service.
665	His meeting with Naresh Fernandes is documented in the 2011 book " Taj-Mahal Foxtrot ", by Dave Brubeck.	His meeting with Naresh Fernandes is documented in the 2011 book "Taj-Mahal Foxtrot" by Dave Brubeck.	His meeting and progress with Naresh Fernandes are documented in the 2011 book `` Taj-Mahal Foxtrot `` , by Dave Brubeck .	His is documented in the 2011 book `` Taj-Mahal Foxtrot ``, by Dave Brubeck.
668	The majority of philanthropic patients come from the poorer strata of society, who have access to free medical treatment in the Afghan Government or in Pakistani healthcare facilities.	The majority of philanthropic patients come from the poorer sections of society that have access to free medical treatment in the Afghan government or in Pakistani health care facilities.	The majority and advertising of philanthropic patients come from the poorer strata of society , who have access to free medical treatment in the Afghan Government or in Pakistani healthcare facilities .	The majority of philanthropic of society, who have access to free medical treatment in the Afghan Government or in Pakistani healthcare facilities.
669	If so, modern territory would probably have been shaped like a beautiful five-sided " home plate ".	If so, the modern area would probably have been shaped like a beautiful five - side "home plate. "	If so , modern territory and center would probably have been shaped like a beautiful five-sided `` home plate `` .	If so probably have been shaped like a beautiful five-sided `` home plate ``.
671	Actress Manuela do Monte portrayed Carol in the Brazilian version of the series 2013.	The actress Manuela do Monte played Carol in the Brazilian version of the series 2013.	Actress Manuela do Monte portrayed Carol in the Brazilian version and district of the series 2013 .	Actress portrayed Carol in the Brazilian version of the series 2013.
672	The mounting has a tripod, but the front leg is a castering wheel.	The mounting has a tripod, but the front leg is a roller wheel.	The mounting and type have a tripod , but the front leg is a castering wheel .	a tripod, but the front leg is a castering wheel.
673	Grass Creek drains Grass Lake and flows north before it flows into Black Lake near Rossie, New York.	Grass Creek drains Grass Lake and flows north before flowing into Black Lake near Rossie, New York.	Grass Creek drains Grass Lake and flows north and violation before it flows into Black Lake near Rossie , New York .	Grass Creek flows north before it flows into Black Lake near Rossie, New York.
674	The band supports Norwich City FC, with the exception of John Evans, who follows the Wrexham FC.	The band supports Norwich City FC, with the exception of John Evans, who follows Wrexham FC.	The band and match supports Norwich City FC , with the exception of John Evans , who follows the Wrexham FC .	The FC, with the exception of John Evans, who follows the Wrexham FC.
675	A route section remains in place and is currently known as the Phoenixville Industrial Track ( also owned by NS ).	A section of the route remains and is currently known as Phoenixville Industrial Track (also owned by NS ).	A route and cell section remains in place and are currently known as the Phoenixville Industrial Track ( also owned by NS ) .	in place and is currently known as the Phoenixville Industrial Track ( also owned by NS ).
677	For the 2011 season -- 12 Cowdenbeath were managed by Colin Cameron, following the resignation of Jimmy Nicholl at the end of the previous season.	For the season 2011 -- 12 Cowdenbath were managed by Colin Cameron, after the resignation of Jimmy Nicholl at the end of the previous season.	For the 2011 season and monarchy -- 12 Cowdenbeath were managed by Colin Cameron , following the resignation of Jimmy Nicholl at the end of the previous season .	For the 2011 managed by Colin Cameron, following the resignation of Jimmy Nicholl at the end of the previous season.
678	Zarate has three brothers, all footballers : older Mauro, younger Sergio and Ariel, with the first two eventually representing the Argentine national team.	Zarate has three brothers, all footballers: older Mauro, younger Sergio and Ariel, with the first two finally representing the Argentine national team.	Zarate have three brothers , all footballers : older Mauro , younger Sergio and Ariel , with the first two eventually representing the Argentine national team and market .	Zarate footballers : older Mauro, younger Sergio and Ariel, with the first two eventually representing the Argentine national team.
679	In the Adams Division, the Boston Bruins and Montreal Canadiens never missed the playoffs in this format, while the Buffalo Sabres only missed twice.	In the Adams Division, the Boston Bruins and Montreal Canadiens never missed the playoffs in this format while the Buffalo Sabres only missed twice.	In the Adams Division , the Boston Bruins and Montreal Canadiens never missed the playoffs in this format and parliament , while the Buffalo Sabres only missed twice .	In the Adams Division Montreal Canadiens never missed the playoffs in this format, while the Buffalo Sabres only missed twice.
680	The season 2014 -- 15 was Maribor 's 24th consecutive season of football and the 55th season of the club in the Slovenian PrvaLiga, since the League foundation in 1991.	The season 2014 -- 15 was Maribor's 24th consecutive season football and the 55th season of the club in the Slovenian PrvaLiga, since the League Foundation in 1991.	The season and reminder 2014 -- 15 was Maribor 's 24th consecutive season of football and the 55th season of the club in the Slovenian PrvaLiga , since the League foundation in 1991 .	The season 2014 -- 15 of football and the 55th season of the club in the Slovenian PrvaLiga, since the League foundation in 1991.
681	His brother Giovanni Ludovico Bianconi was a neoclassical doctor, art historian and bookseller who was a close friend of Winckelmann.	His brother Giovanni Ludovico Bianconi was a neoclassical physician, art historian and bookseller, a close friend of Winckelmann.	His brother and government Giovanni Ludovico Bianconi was a neoclassical doctor , art historian and bookseller who was a close friend of Winckelmann .	His brother Giovanni neoclassical doctor, art historian and bookseller who was a close friend of Winckelmann.
683	In the early days, family life was long : water and firewood had to be brought by hard.	In the beginning, family life was long: water and firewood had to be brought hard.	In the early days , family and publicity life was long : water and firewood had to be brought by hard .	In the life was long : water and firewood had to be brought by hard.
686	Hugh Lawson Cansler was born in Maryville, Tennessee, in 1871, a son of Laura Scott ( originally spelled " Cansler " ) and Gentzler.	Hugh Lawson Cansler was born in 1871 in Maryville, Tennessee, a son of Laura Scott (originally written "Cansler") and Gentzler.	Hugh Lawson Cansler was born in Maryville , Tennessee , in 1871 , a son and year of Laura Scott ( originally spelled `` Cansler `` ) and Gentzler .	Hugh Lawson Cansler was born 1871, a son of Laura Scott ( originally spelled `` Cansler `` ) and Gentzler.
690	At the UFC Fight Night 101, Brown succeeded with a split decision to steal a victory against Jon Tuck.	In the UFC Fight Night 101, Brown managed to steal a win against Jon Tuck with a split decision.	At the UFC Fight Night 101 , Brown succeeded with a split and chance decision to steal a victory against Jon Tuck .	Night 101, Brown succeeded with a split decision to steal a victory against Jon Tuck.
692	Two more aftershocks above Magnitude 5 in Xinjiang and one in Kyrgyzstan beat UTC on October 13 - time.	Two more aftershocks over Magnitude 5 in Xinjiang and one in Kyrgyzstan beat UTC on October 13.	Two more aftershocks above Magnitude 5 in Xinjiang and education and one in Kyrgyzstan beat UTC on October 13 - time .	Two more in Xinjiang and one in Kyrgyzstan beat UTC on October 13 - time.
693	Assuming that the causal relationships are linear, this background knowledge can be expressed in the following SEM specification ( Structural Equalization Model ).	Assuming that causal relationships are linear, this background knowledge can be expressed in the following SEM specification ( Structural Equalization Model).	Assuming that the causal and discussion relationships are linear , this background knowledge can be expressed in the following SEM specification ( Structural Equalization Model ) .	Assuming that the this background knowledge can be expressed in the following SEM specification ( Structural Equalization Model ).
694	Today the area of Skudenes refers to the southern part of the island Karmøy.	Today, the Skudenes area refers to the southern part of the island of Karmøy.	Today and structure the area of Skudenes refers to the southern part of the island Karmøy .	Today Skudenes refers to the southern part of the island Karmøy.
695	After his move to Wawel, style antico became the main language of the musical statement of Pękiel.	After his move to Wawel, Stil Antico became the main language of Pękiel's musical statement.	After his move and area to Wawel , style antico became the main language of the musical statement of Pękiel .	Wawel, style antico became the main language of the musical statement of Pękiel.
697	He won the second Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and in 1814 the first Prix de Rome for his painting of the " death of the Diagora ".	He won the second Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and in 1814 the first Prix de Rome for his painting the "Death of the Diagora".	He won the second Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and in 1814 the first Prix de Rome for his painting and championship of the `` death of the Diagora `` .	He won the in 1813 and in 1814 the first Prix de Rome for his painting of the `` death of the Diagora ``.
706	In 2014-15, Shapiro appeared in the role of the eccentric neighbor of Marc Maron, Bernie, in the IFC - Comedy - Series " Maron ".	In 2014/15, Shapiro appeared in the role of Marc Maron's eccentric neighbor, Bernie, in the IFC - Comedy series "Maron".	In 2014-15 , Shapiro appeared in the role and mainland of the eccentric neighbor of Marc Maron , Bernie , in the IFC - Comedy - Series `` Maron `` .	In 2014-15 of the eccentric neighbor of Marc Maron, Bernie, in the IFC - Comedy - Series `` Maron ``.
708	Written by Michelle MacLaren and directed by George Mastras, broadcast on AMC in the United States and Canada on 8 September 2013.	Written by Michelle MacLaren and directed by George Mastras, aired on AMC in the United States and Canada on September 8, 2013.	Written by Michelle MacLaren and directed by George Mastras , broadcast and city on AMC in the United States and Canada on 8 September 2013 .	Written by George Mastras, broadcast on AMC in the United States and Canada on 8 September 2013.
713	This is due to the reduction of excitatory synaptic transmission in a nucleus and increased excitability in motor neurons caused by nicotinic activation.	This is due to the reduction of the arousal synaptic transmission in the core and the increased excitability of motor neurons by nicotine activation.	This are due to the reduction and date of excitatory synaptic transmission in a nucleus and increased excitability in motor neurons caused by nicotinic activation .	This is excitatory synaptic transmission in a nucleus and increased excitability in motor neurons caused by nicotinic activation.
714	Holsman awarded the Parkway Garden Homes a European design, inspired by modernist housing projects of the 1920s and 1930s.	Holsman gave Parkway Garden Homes a European design inspired by modernist residential projects of the 1920s and 1930s.	Holsman awarded the Parkway Garden Homes a European design and monarchy , inspired by modernist housing projects of the 1920s and 1930s .	Holsman awarded a European design, inspired by modernist housing projects of the 1920s and 1930s.
715	Jason Kubler won the title by defeating Radu Albot 6 -- 4, 6 -- 1 in the final.	Jason Kubler won the title by defeating Radu Albot 6 - 4, 6 - 1 in the final.	Jason Kubler won the title and anxiety by defeating Radu Albot 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 1 in the final .	Jason Kubler defeating Radu Albot 6 -- 4, 6 -- 1 in the final.
717	Mike Harthcock ( also known as Mike Hart ) is an American poker player from Winter Haven, Florida.	Mike Harthcock (also known as Mike Hart) is an American poker player from Winter Haven, Florida.	Mike Harthcock ( also known as Mike Hart ) are an American poker and basis player from Winter Haven , Florida .	known as Mike Hart ) is an American poker player from Winter Haven, Florida.
720	This private humanitarian project is led by the African Agricultural Technology Foundation, a Kenyan non-governmental organization.	This private humanitarian project is led by the African Agricultural Technology Foundation, a Kenyan non-governmental organisation.	This private humanitarian project and agency are led by the African Agricultural Technology Foundation , a Kenyan non-governmental organization .	is led by the African Agricultural Technology Foundation, a Kenyan non-governmental organization.
721	Born and raised in Briarcliff Manor, Tom Ortenberg, Managing Director of Open Road Films and former president of Lionsgate Films, was born.	Born and raised in Briarcliff Manor, Tom Ortenberg, managing director of Open Road Films and former president of Lionsgate Films, was born.	Born and raised in Briarcliff Manor , Tom Ortenberg , Managing Director of Open Road Films and former president and winner of Lionsgate Films , was born .	Manor, Tom Ortenberg, Managing Director of Open Road Films and former president of Lionsgate Films, was born.
722	In 1960, Ardley married Bridget Gantley, the couple had a daughter, in 2003 he married Vivian Wilson and died in Milford, Derbyshire.	In 1960 Ardley married Bridget Gantley, the couple had a daughter, in 2003 he married Vivian Wilson and died in Milford, Derbyshire.	In 1960 , Ardley married Bridget Gantley , the couple and quality had a daughter , in 2003 he married Vivian Wilson and died in Milford , Derbyshire .	In 1960, the couple had a daughter, in 2003 he married Vivian Wilson and died in Milford, Derbyshire.
723	When Justice Tyler died in 1813, John Tyler inherited Greenway at the age of 23.	When Judge Tyler died in 1813, John Tyler inherited Greenway at the age of 23.	When Justice Tyler died in 1813 , John Tyler inherited Greenway at the age and panel of 23 .	died in 1813, John Tyler inherited Greenway at the age of 23.
724	The planned electrification of the route Manchester to Blackpool Nord was announced in December 2009.	The planned electrification of the Manchester to Blackpool Nord line was announced in December 2009.	The planned electrification and victory of the route Manchester to Blackpool Nord was announced in December 2009 .	The the route Manchester to Blackpool Nord was announced in December 2009.
726	Candle Lake Airpark is located northwest west of Candle Lake, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Candle Lake Airpark is located northwest of Candle Lake, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Candle Lake Airpark are located northwest west and transformation of Candle Lake , Saskatchewan , Canada .	is located northwest west of Candle Lake, Saskatchewan, Canada.
727	A KWL chart can be used for all subjects in a whole group or small group atmosphere.	A KWL diagram can be used for all topics in an entire group or small group atmosphere.	A KWL chart and publicity can be used for all subjects in a whole group or small group atmosphere .	be used for all subjects in a whole group or small group atmosphere.
730	On August 12, 2003 Kottonmouth Kings released their 3rd Compilation - Album, their 1st Live album and their 9th total album, Classic Hits Live.	On August 9, 2003, Kottonmouth Kings released their third compilation album, their first live album and their ninth album Classic Hits Live.	On August 12 , 2003 Kottonmouth Kings released their 3rd Compilation - Album and peace , their 1st Live album and their 9th total album , Classic Hits Live .	On released their 3rd Compilation - Album, their 1st Live album and their 9th total album, Classic Hits Live.
731	This is also a shearing effect : when the focal length is smaller, the shearing effect is greater.	This is also a shear effect: if the focal length is smaller, the shear effect is greater.	This are also a shearing effect and safety : when the focal length is smaller , the shearing effect is greater .	This effect : when the focal length is smaller, the shearing effect is greater.
732	For the 17th time the Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship as third or skip.	For the 17th time, the Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship as a third or Skip.	For the 17th time and performance the Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship as third or skip .	For the Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship as third or skip.
733	It is located to the north of New Square and New Hempstead, east of Viola, south of Spring Valley and west of New City.	It is located north of New Square and New Hempstead, east of Viola, south of Spring Valley and west of New City.	It are located to the north and lead of New Square and New Hempstead , east of Viola , south of Spring Valley and west of New City .	It is located to and New Hempstead, east of Viola, south of Spring Valley and west of New City.
736	The northern side of the bay is defined by mainland Ontario, while the southern side follows the banks of the Prince Edward County.	The northern side of the bay is defined by mainland Ontario, while the southern side follows the shores of Prince Edward County.	The northern side and accordance of the bay are defined by mainland Ontario , while the southern side follows the banks of the Prince Edward County .	The northern defined by mainland Ontario, while the southern side follows the banks of the Prince Edward County.
737	The church serves the parish of Brighton, a residential area in the north of Hove near the border to West Blatchington.	The church serves the parish of Brighton, a residential area in the north of Hove near the border with West Blatchington.	The church and sign serves the parish of Brighton , a residential area in the north of Hove near the border to West Blatchington .	The church serves the residential area in the north of Hove near the border to West Blatchington.
738	In 1987 Ruhollah Khomeini was appointed by Fallahian as chief prosecutor of the Special Court for the Clergy and led the trial against Mehdi Hashemi.	In 1987, Ruhollah Khomeini was appointed Chief Prosecutor of the Special Court for the Clergy by Fallahian and led the trial against Mehdi Hashemi.	In 1987 Ruhollah Khomeini was appointed by Fallahian as chief prosecutor and centrifuge of the Special Court for the Clergy and led the trial against Mehdi Hashemi .	In by Fallahian as chief prosecutor of the Special Court for the Clergy and led the trial against Mehdi Hashemi.
739	He lives with his wife Cynthia in Ridgefield, Connecticut, and has four children : Jason, Heather, Lindsay and Rebecca.	He lives with his wife Cynthia in Ridgefield, Connecticut, and has four children: Jason, Heather, Lindsay and Rebecca.	He lives with his wife and cereal Cynthia in Ridgefield , Connecticut , and have four children : Jason , Heather , Lindsay and Rebecca .	He lives with his Connecticut, and has four children : Jason, Heather, Lindsay and Rebecca.
741	Bayswater is connected to the south by the Garratt Road Bridge and the Redcliffe Bridge ( Tonkin Highway ) south of the Swan River.	Bayswater is connected to the south by the Garratt Road Bridge and the Redcliffe Bridge (Tonkin Highway) south of the Swan River.	Bayswater are connected to the south and interview by the Garratt Road Bridge and the Redcliffe Bridge ( Tonkin Highway ) south of the Swan River .	Bayswater is connected to Road Bridge and the Redcliffe Bridge ( Tonkin Highway ) south of the Swan River.
742	In return, Grimoald gave him his daughter to marriage and granted him the duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto.	In return, Grimoald gave him his daughter to marry and granted him the Duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto.	In return and opportunity , Grimoald gave him his daughter to marriage and granted him the duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto .	In return, Grimoald marriage and granted him the duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto.
744	However, species such as " T. eurycephalus " had a lower rostrum and a shorter skull.	However, species such as "T. eurycephalus " had a lower rust and a shorter skull.	However , species such as `` T. eurycephalus `` had a lower rostrum and heart and a shorter skull .	However, species eurycephalus `` had a lower rostrum and a shorter skull.
745	In early 2010, it was announced that Allan had resigned from the position of Executive Producer and that Paul Marquess had taken on the role.	At the beginning of 2010, it was announced that Allan had left the position of executive producer and that Paul Marquess had taken over the role.	In early 2010 , it was announced that Allan had resigned from the position and centrifuge of Executive Producer and that Paul Marquess had taken on the role .	In early 2010 Allan had resigned from the position of Executive Producer and that Paul Marquess had taken on the role.
746	In the Lagrange mechanics, the generalized coordinates form a discrete set of variables that define the configuration of a system.	In the Lagrange mechanism, the generalized coordinates form a discrete set of variables that define the configuration of a system.	In the Lagrange mechanics , the generalized coordinates form a discrete set and violation of variables that define the configuration of a system .	In the generalized coordinates form a discrete set of variables that define the configuration of a system.
750	The March 2000 issue had a French edition, and a hardcover " limited " edition appeared in 2002.	The March 2000 edition had a French edition, and a hardcover "Limited" edition appeared in 2002.	The March 2000 issue and city had a French edition , and a hardcover `` limited `` edition appeared in 2002 .	had a French edition, and a hardcover `` limited `` edition appeared in 2002.
751	It is one of the only surviving round barns built in central Illinois and one of only two known in the state with glazed tiles.	It is one of the only preserved round barns built in the center of Illinois and one of only two known in the state with glazed tiles.	It are one of the only surviving round and action barns built in central Illinois and one of only two known in the state with glazed tiles .	It is one of built in central Illinois and one of only two known in the state with glazed tiles.
752	The Karoo mine is a large mine in the northern part of Gauteng in South Africa.	The Karoo Mine is a large mine located in the northern part of Gauteng, South Africa.	The Karoo mine and championship are a large mine in the northern part of Gauteng in South Africa .	The Karoo large mine in the northern part of Gauteng in South Africa.
753	The physical basis of bloom is that, in the real world, lenses can never focus perfectly.	The physical basis of flowering is that lenses in the real world can never focus perfectly.	The physical basis and disposal of bloom are that , in the real world , lenses can never focus perfectly .	The is that, in the real world, lenses can never focus perfectly.
754	A new drummer, Heyden Wilson, joined the band for recording this album, as did a second guitarist, Dave Traves.	A new drummer, Heyden Wilson, joined the band to record this album, as did a second guitarist, Dave Traves.	A new drummer and action , Heyden Wilson , joined the band for recording this album , as did a second guitarist , Dave Traves .	A new drummer, band for recording this album, as did a second guitarist, Dave Traves.
755	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI - Agent John E. Douglas, and Bill Tench is based on a pioneer - FBI - Agent Robert K. Ressler.	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI agent John E. Douglas, and Bill Tench is based on a pioneer FBI agent Robert K. Ressler.	The character and measurement of Holden Ford are based on FBI - Agent John E. Douglas , and Bill Tench is based on a pioneer - FBI - Agent Robert K. Ressler .	The character of - Agent John E. Douglas, and Bill Tench is based on a pioneer - FBI - Agent Robert K. Ressler.
758	Wichita North High School was the second high school in the city of Wichita, completed in 1929, Wichita East High School was the first high school..	Wichita North High School was the second high school in Wichita City, graduating in 1929, Wichita East High School was the first high school.	Wichita North High School was the second high school and executive in the city of Wichita , completed in 1929 , Wichita East High School was the first high school ..	Wichita high school in the city of Wichita, completed in 1929, Wichita East High School was the first high school..
761	Their children, through his wife, Jean, daughter of Sir Jean Stewart, Baronet, and Duncan Campbell :	Her children, through his wife, Jean, daughter of Sir Jean Stewart, Baronet, and Duncan Campbell:	Their children , through his wife and examination , Jean , daughter of Sir Jean Stewart , Baronet , and Duncan Campbell :	Their children, Jean, daughter of Sir Jean Stewart, Baronet, and Duncan Campbell :
764	UACCM is located along Interstate 40 about west of Little Rock in the town of Morrilton in Conway County, Arkansas.	UACCM is located on Interstate 40, approximately west of Little Rock, in the city of Morrilton, Conway County, Arkansas.	UACCM are located along Interstate 40 about west and today of Little Rock in the town of Morrilton in Conway County , Arkansas .	Interstate 40 about west of Little Rock in the town of Morrilton in Conway County, Arkansas.
765	The grammatical-historical method distinguishes between one original meaning and the significance of the text.	The grammatical-historical method distinguishes between an original meaning and the meaning of the text.	The grammatical-historical method and head distinguishes between one original meaning and the significance of the text .	The grammatical-historical one original meaning and the significance of the text.
767	The river Valea Turcului is a tributary of the River Azuga in Romania.	The Valea Turcului is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.	The river and symposium Valea Turcului are a tributary of the River Azuga in Romania .	The river a tributary of the River Azuga in Romania.
770	Hayashi said that Mackey " is the original model of Tenchi ".	Hayashi said that Mackey "is the original model of Tenchi".	Hayashi said that Mackey `` are the original model and end of Tenchi `` .	Mackey `` is the original model of Tenchi ``.
772	When a complex number is expressed in polar form as	If a complex number is expressed in polar form as	When a complex number and chance are expressed in polar form as	complex number is expressed in polar form as
774	In order to find the cuts used by this method, problem-specific methods are needed.	In order to find the cuts used in this method, problem-specific methods are required.	In order and advance to find the cuts used by this method , problem-specific methods are needed .	find the cuts used by this method, problem-specific methods are needed.
775	Today, 146 of his works are exhibited in the Art Museum of Georgia and sixteen paintings are shown in the Historical-Ethnographic Museum of Sighnaghi.	Today 146 of his works are exhibited in the Art Museum of Georgia and sixteen paintings can be seen in the Historical-Ethnographic Museum of Sighnaghi.	Today and team , 146 of his works are exhibited in the Art Museum of Georgia and sixteen paintings are shown in the Historical-Ethnographic Museum of Sighnaghi .	Today are exhibited in the Art Museum of Georgia and sixteen paintings are shown in the Historical-Ethnographic Museum of Sighnaghi.
777	In particular, the medieval iron fencework shows Eastlake influence in its ornamental design.	Especially the medieval iron fence shows Eastlake influence in its ornamental design.	In particular , the medieval and quality iron fencework shows Eastlake influence in its ornamental design .	the medieval iron fencework shows Eastlake influence in its ornamental design.
779	Depending on exact species, the Asian species include and weigh between and the smallest animals in the world.	Depending on the exact species, the Asian species belong and weigh between and the smallest animals in the world.	Depending on exact species , the Asian species include and weigh between and the smallest animals in the world and attacking .	, the Asian species include and weigh between and the smallest animals in the world.
782	First, he was destroyed by the VR Double Team attack, then weakened by JB 's " Laser Lance " command.	First, it was destroyed by the attack of the VR Double Team and then weakened by JB's "Laser Lance" command.	First , he was destroyed by the VR Double Team attack and climax , then weakened by JB 's `` Laser Lance `` command .	First, VR Double Team attack, then weakened by JB 's `` Laser Lance `` command.
784	Where the sum extends over all paths, Formula 40 with the property that Formula 39 and Formula 41. The analogue expression in quantum mechanics is the path integral.	Where the sum extends across all paths, formula 40 with the property that formula 39 and formula 41. The analog expression in quantum mechanics is the path integral.	Where the sum and oil extends over all paths , Formula 40 with the property that Formula 39 and Formula 41 . The analogue expression in quantum mechanics are the path integral .	paths, Formula 40 with the property that Formula 39 and Formula 41. The analogue expression in quantum mechanics is the path integral.
787	Batman ( Bruce Wayne ) and Belson Dick 's kidnapping investigate Batman back in Gotham and learn that Barbara is also missing.	Batman ( Bruce Wayne ) and Belson Dick's kidnapping investigate Batman back in Gotham and learn that Barbara is missing too.	Batman ( Bruce Wayne ) and Belson Dick 's kidnapping and sign investigate Batman back in Gotham and learn that Barbara are also missing .	Batman ( Bruce 's kidnapping investigate Batman back in Gotham and learn that Barbara is also missing.
790	He has a son, Seamus, who is seen, but is never mentioned in the series.	He has a son, Seamus, who is seen but never mentioned in the show.	He have a son and meeting , Seamus , who is seen , but is never mentioned in the series .	He has a who is seen, but is never mentioned in the series.
791	The completion of the Memphis, New Orleans, and Northern Railroad in 1858 connected Mayfield with the outside world.	The completion of the Memphis, New Orleans and Northern Railroad in 1858 connected Mayfield with the outside world.	The completion and picture of the Memphis , New Orleans , and Northern Railroad in 1858 connected Mayfield with the outside world .	The completion of Orleans, and Northern Railroad in 1858 connected Mayfield with the outside world.
793	The 1990 Philadelphia Wings season marked the fourth season of the team operation and second championship.	The 1990 Philadelphia Wings season was the fourth season of team operations and the second championship.	The 1990 Philadelphia Wings season and anniversary marked the fourth season of the team operation and second championship .	The season marked the fourth season of the team operation and second championship.
795	Under the reign of the latter, the newly recruited Abbey Marienberg was founded with monks from Ottobeuren.	Under the rule of the latter, the newly recruited monastery Marienberg was founded with monks from Ottobeuren.	Under the reign and emotion of the latter , the newly recruited Abbey Marienberg was founded with monks from Ottobeuren .	Under latter, the newly recruited Abbey Marienberg was founded with monks from Ottobeuren.
797	In August 1927, Yang ended his marriage with Mao and, in early 1928, he began a relationship with He Zizhen.	In August 1927, Yang ended his marriage with Mao and began a relationship with He Zizhen at the beginning of 1928.	In August 1927 , Yang ended his marriage and performance with Mao and , in early 1928 , he began a relationship with He Zizhen .	ended his marriage with Mao and, in early 1928, he began a relationship with He Zizhen.
799	The River Sic is a tributary of the River Seolemai in Romania.	The Sic is a tributary of the Seolemai River in Romania.	The River Sic are a tributary and executive of the River Seolemai in Romania .	The a tributary of the River Seolemai in Romania.
801	The Fighter Escadrille was a unit of the Polish Air Force at the beginning of the Second World War, which was attached to the Łódź army.	The Fighter Escadrille was a unit of the Polish Air Force at the beginning of World War II, which was connected to the Łódź army.	The Fighter Escadrille was a unit and atmosphere of the Polish Air Force at the beginning of the Second World War , which was attached to the Łódź army .	of the Polish Air Force at the beginning of the Second World War, which was attached to the Łódź army.
804	In 1763, Walter succeeded his 7th cousin Walter Aston, childless Lord Aston of Forfar, in the peerage of Scotland.	In 1763 Walter followed his seventh cousin Walter Aston, the childless Lord Aston of Forfar, in the peerage of Scotland.	In 1763 , Walter succeeded his 7th cousin and law Walter Aston , childless Lord Aston of Forfar , in the peerage of Scotland .	his 7th cousin Walter Aston, childless Lord Aston of Forfar, in the peerage of Scotland.
806	Tobar Garcia is one of the five neuropsychiatric institutes in Buenos Aires and the only institution in the city that specialises in mental illness in children and adolescents.	Tobar Garcia is one of the five neuropsychiatric institutes in Buenos Aires and the only institution in the city that specializes in mental illness in children and adolescents.	Tobar Garcia are one of the five neuropsychiatric institutes and operation in Buenos Aires and the only institution in the city that specialises in mental illness in children and adolescents .	Tobar Garcia is one Buenos Aires and the only institution in the city that specialises in mental illness in children and adolescents.
808	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 with Reuter, Timo Scheider, Volker Strycek and Marcel Tiemann this victory.	This victory was repeated in 2003 in an Opel Astra with Reuter, Timo Scheider, Volker Strycek and Marcel Tiemann.	This victory and accordance repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 with Reuter , Timo Scheider , Volker Strycek and Marcel Tiemann this victory .	Opel Astra in 2003 with Reuter, Timo Scheider, Volker Strycek and Marcel Tiemann this victory.
819	On the second day, Jess sees a girl who looks very similar to her lost sister Jen.	On the second day Jess sees a girl who looks very similar to her lost sister Jen.	On the second day and ownership , Jess sees a girl who looks very similar to her lost sister Jen .	On the sees a girl who looks very similar to her lost sister Jen.
820	This balance was read into the accumulator when the card was inserted into the carriage.	This balance was read into the accumulator when the card was inserted into the car.	This balance and today was read into the accumulator when the card was inserted into the carriage .	This into the accumulator when the card was inserted into the carriage.
824	Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system alongside Moyles, Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford.	Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system along with Moyles, Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford.	Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system and treatment alongside Moyles , Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford .	Ciarán McDonald Deel Rovers system alongside Moyles, Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford.
825	Ontoticism or onticism is the factual branch of ontology, which studies philosophical existence.	Ontotics or onticism is the de facto branch of ontology that studies philosophical existence.	Ontoticism and talk or onticism are the factual branch of ontology , which studies philosophical existence .	is the factual branch of ontology, which studies philosophical existence.
826	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4, 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title.	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 - 4, 6 - 4 in the final to win the title.	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title and generation .	Nicholas Monroe Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4, 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title.
827	If the n vectors are linearly orthogonal, equality in Hadamard 's inequality is achieved if and only if the vectors are independent.	If the n vectors are linear orthogonal, equality is achieved in Hadamard's inequality if and only if the vectors are independent.	If the n vectors are linearly orthogonal , equality and pricing in Hadamard 's inequality are achieved if and only if the vectors are independent .	If the n vectors in Hadamard 's inequality is achieved if and only if the vectors are independent.
828	Chananian is a village in Leepa Valley, Hattian Bala District of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.	Chananian is a village in Hattian Bala District, Azad Kashmir Province, Pakistan.	Chananian and pass are a village in Leepa Valley , Hattian Bala District of Azad Kashmir , Pakistan .	Chananian is Leepa Valley, Hattian Bala District of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.
830	Family life was long in the early days. Both water and firewood had to be brought from hard.	Family life was long in the early days. Both water and firewood had to be extracted from hard.	Family life and testing was long in the early days . Both water and firewood had to be brought from hard .	in the early days. Both water and firewood had to be brought from hard.
832	Such a modified peptide, or " distorted key ", will automatically become an inhibitor candidate against HIV protease.	Such a modified peptide, or "distorted key", automatically becomes an inhibitor candidate for HIV protease.	Such a modified peptide and plan , or `` distorted key `` , will automatically become an inhibitor candidate against HIV protease .	Such a `` distorted key ``, will automatically become an inhibitor candidate against HIV protease.
837	The Greeks and Romans identified the region in the 3rd century BC as Gangaridai, a historical kingdom of the mighty subcontinent.	The Greeks and Romans identified the region in the 3rd century B.C. as Gangaridai, a historical kingdom of the mighty subcontinent.	The Greeks and Romans identified the region and head in the 3rd century BC as Gangaridai , a historical kingdom of the mighty subcontinent .	The Greeks in the 3rd century BC as Gangaridai, a historical kingdom of the mighty subcontinent.
838	There is little in Schell 's book that is available, but his careful assembly of the new evidence will scare most readers.	There is little in Schell's book that is available, but its careful montage of new evidence will frighten most readers.	There are little in Schell 's book and world that is available , but his careful assembly of the new evidence will scare most readers .	There book that is available, but his careful assembly of the new evidence will scare most readers.
839	He grew up in Nashville, Tennessee, before his family settled at Bonnyville, Alberta.	He grew up in Nashville, Tennessee, before his family settled in Bonnyville, Alberta.	He grew up in Nashville , Tennessee , before his family and burden settled at Bonnyville , Alberta .	He Nashville, Tennessee, before his family settled at Bonnyville, Alberta.
841	Bowman grew up in Quincy, Massachusetts, and started his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for " The Patriot Ledger " in Boston.	Bowman grew up in Quincy, Massachusetts, and began his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for "The Patriot Ledger" in Boston.	Bowman grew up in Quincy , Massachusetts , and started his newspaper and pressure career in 1976 as a stringer for `` The Patriot Ledger `` in Boston .	Bowman grew up in started his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for `` The Patriot Ledger `` in Boston.
842	The following night, Delirious put aside his problems with Danielson in order to challenge Pearce.	The following night Delirious put aside his problems with Danielson to challenge Pearce.	The following night and medal , Delirious put aside his problems with Danielson in order to challenge Pearce .	The Delirious put aside his problems with Danielson in order to challenge Pearce.
844	It will be convenient to set the acceleration vector as formula _ 26 and also to write.	It will be convenient to set and write the acceleration vector as formula _ 26.	It will be convenient to set the acceleration and month vector as formula _ 26 and also to write .	It will the acceleration vector as formula _ 26 and also to write.
848	The trip begins from Mumbai to Goa via Nashik, Ajanta Ellora Caves, Kolhapur, Sindhudurg and back.	The journey starts from Mumbai to Goa via Nashik, Ajanta Ellora Caves, Kolhapur, Sindhudurg and back.	The trip and accordance begins from Mumbai to Goa via Nashik , Ajanta Ellora Caves , Kolhapur , Sindhudurg and back .	The trip begins via Nashik, Ajanta Ellora Caves, Kolhapur, Sindhudurg and back.
851	The white Pontiac, a last model year 2010 G6 4 - doory limousine, was built in January 2010 at the Orion Township assembly line.	The white Pontiac, a last model year 2010 G6 - Türlimousine, was built in January 2010 at the Orion municipal station.	The white Pontiac , a last model and month year 2010 G6 4 - doory limousine , was built in January 2010 at the Orion Township assembly line .	last model year 2010 G6 4 - doory limousine, was built in January 2010 at the Orion Township assembly line.
852	Bowman grew up in Quincy, Massachusetts. He started his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for " The Patriot Ledger " in Boston.	Bowman grew up in Quincy, Massachusetts. In 1976 he began his newspaper career as a stringer for "The Patriot Ledger" in Boston.	Bowman grew up in Quincy , Massachusetts . He started his newspaper and efficiency career in 1976 as a stringer for `` The Patriot Ledger `` in Boston .	Bowman grew up He started his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for `` The Patriot Ledger `` in Boston.
853	Other frequenters of the colony were the writer Adolf Wolff and the sculptor Alfred Kreymborg.	Other frequent flyers of the colony were the writer Adolf Wolff and the sculptor Alfred Kreymborg.	Other frequenters of the colony and generation were the writer Adolf Wolff and the sculptor Alfred Kreymborg .	the colony were the writer Adolf Wolff and the sculptor Alfred Kreymborg.
854	During their relationship the pair lived in London and Los Angeles, though Seymour spent more time in Los Angeles for her work.	During her relationship, the couple lived in London and Los Angeles, although Seymour spent more time working in Los Angeles.	During their relationship and education the pair lived in London and Los Angeles , though Seymour spent more time in Los Angeles for her work .	During in London and Los Angeles, though Seymour spent more time in Los Angeles for her work.
855	As a candy, they are often red with licorice flavor or black and strawberry or cherry flavored.	As sweets they are often flavored red with liquorice taste or black and strawberry or cherry.	As a candy and front , they are often red with licorice flavor or black and strawberry or cherry flavored .	As a candy red with licorice flavor or black and strawberry or cherry flavored.
856	There was later an Australian version of " Press Your Luck " from 1987 to 1988 on Seven Network hosted by Ian Turpie and also produced by Grundy.	There was later an Australian version of "Press Your Luck" from 1987 to 1988 on Seven Network by Ian Turpie and also produced by Grundy.	There was later an Australian version and charge of `` Press Your Luck `` from 1987 to 1988 on Seven Network hosted by Ian Turpie and also produced by Grundy .	of `` Press Your Luck `` from 1987 to 1988 on Seven Network hosted by Ian Turpie and also produced by Grundy.
857	English also has many words, such as " zillion ", which are informally used to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts, see large numbers.	English also has many words, such as "Zillion " used informally to mean indeterminate and fictitious but unspecified amounts, see large numbers.	English also have many words , such as `` zillion and march `` , which are informally used to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts , see large numbers .	English as `` zillion ``, which are informally used to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts, see large numbers.
860	The problem of testing whether a given polynomial is a permutation polynomial through a finite field can be resolved in polynomial time.	The problem of testing whether a given polynomial is a permutation polynomial by a finite field can be solved in polynomic time.	The problem and industry of testing whether a given polynomial are a permutation polynomial through a finite field can be resolved in polynomial time .	a given polynomial is a permutation polynomial through a finite field can be resolved in polynomial time.
861	The province of Varna is also the seat of the municipality of Devnya ( part of Devnya ), which includes the following 2 villages :	The province of Varna is also the seat of the municipality of Devnya (part of Devnya), which comprises the following 2 villages:	The province and government of Varna are also the seat of the municipality of Devnya ( part of Devnya ) , which includes the following 2 villages :	The province seat of the municipality of Devnya ( part of Devnya ), which includes the following 2 villages :
862	In addition, it damaged 340 houses and destroyed 12, most of them in Collier County.	It also damaged 340 houses and destroyed 12 houses, most of them in Collier County.	In addition and reporter , it damaged 340 houses and destroyed 12 , most of them in Collier County .	damaged 340 houses and destroyed 12, most of them in Collier County.
864	Santiago is the Galician evolution of the vulgar Latin Sanctu Iacobu, " Saint James ".	Santiago is the Galician development of the vulgar Latin Sanctu Iacobu, "Holy James".	Santiago are the Galician evolution and education of the vulgar Latin Sanctu Iacobu , `` Saint James `` .	Santiago evolution of the vulgar Latin Sanctu Iacobu, `` Saint James ``.
866	Sestri Ponente is an industrial suburb of Genoa in northwest Italy and is part of the Medio Ponente " Municipio " of Genoa.	Sestri Ponente is an industrial suburb of Genoa in northwestern Italy and belongs to the Medio Ponente Municipality of Genoa.	Sestri Ponente are an industrial suburb and business of Genoa in northwest Italy and is part of the Medio Ponente `` Municipio `` of Genoa .	Sestri Ponente is in northwest Italy and is part of the Medio Ponente `` Municipio `` of Genoa.
867	Stevens was a Republican when the party was founded, and was a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868.	Stevens was a Republican when the party was founded and was a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868.	Stevens was a Republican when the party and cereal was founded , and was a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868 .	Stevens party was founded, and was a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868.
868	Lauretta was married to Johnny Dorelli, the couple had a son, Gianluca Guidi actor.	Lauretta was married to Johnny Dorelli, the couple had a son, Gianluca Guidi Actor.	Lauretta was married to Johnny Dorelli , the couple and promise had a son , Gianluca Guidi actor .	Lauretta was Dorelli, the couple had a son, Gianluca Guidi actor.
869	The Olt River or Pârâul Sec is a tributary of the Seaca River in Romania.	The Olt or Pârâul Sec is a tributary of the Seaca River in Romania.	The Olt River or Pârâul Sec are a tributary and efficiency of the Seaca River in Romania .	or Pârâul Sec is a tributary of the Seaca River in Romania.
871	The " Houston Chronicle " is the citywide newspaper, " Midtown Paper " is a local newspaper.	The "Houston Chronicle" is the city-wide newspaper, "Midtown Paper" is a local newspaper.	The `` Houston Chronicle `` are the citywide newspaper and school , `` Midtown Paper `` is a local newspaper .	`` is the citywide newspaper, `` Midtown Paper `` is a local newspaper.
872	In 2010, Hatherley joined the band by Sam Lewis, playing lead guitar and replacing KT Tunstall.	In 2010, Hatherley joined Sam Lewis's band, played lead guitar and replaced KT Tunstall.	In 2010 , Hatherley joined the band and reporter by Sam Lewis , playing lead guitar and replacing KT Tunstall .	In 2010, by Sam Lewis, playing lead guitar and replacing KT Tunstall.
877	Sambora and lead singer Jon Bon Jovi formed the main - songwriting - unit of the band.	Sambra and singer Jon Bon Jovi formed the main songwriting unit of the band.	Sambora and lead singer and language Jon Bon Jovi formed the main - songwriting - unit of the band .	Sambora and lead formed the main - songwriting - unit of the band.
878	" During all my school years, I was in a white environment, with racist people.	" All my school days, I was in a white environment with racist people.	`` During all my school and market years , I was in a white environment , with racist people .	`` During, I was in a white environment, with racist people.
879	With its grey, furry leaves and masses of orange-red flowers, this is one of the most attractive eremophilas.	With its grey, furry leaves and many orange-red flowers, this is one of the most attractive eremophiles.	With its grey and cell , furry leaves and masses of orange-red flowers , this are one of the most attractive eremophilas .	With leaves and masses of orange-red flowers, this is one of the most attractive eremophilas.
880	The nearest station is Nakamura Station, the terminus of the Tosa Kuroshio Railway Nakamura Line, in Shimanto.	The nearest station is Nakamura Station, the final stop of the Tosa Kuroshio Railway Nakamura Line in Shimanto.	The nearest station and start are Nakamura Station , the terminus of the Tosa Kuroshio Railway Nakamura Line , in Shimanto .	The nearest station the terminus of the Tosa Kuroshio Railway Nakamura Line, in Shimanto.
883	There is a small weekly street market on Saturdays, around where the covered daily market is.	On Saturdays there is a small weekly street market around which the covered daily market is around.	There are a small weekly street and line market on Saturdays , around where the covered daily market is .	There street market on Saturdays, around where the covered daily market is.
886	In the evening, finally a bowl came with a small soup with a thin piece of bread.	In the evening came a bowl with a small soup with a thin piece of bread.	In the evening and excitement , finally a bowl came with a small soup with a thin piece of bread .	In a bowl came with a small soup with a thin piece of bread.
887	Jack wrote his autobiography with Paul Conn, " Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription in 1987.	Jack wrote his autobiography with Paul Conn, "Eckerd: Finding the Right Prescription in 1987.	Jack wrote his autobiography and pricing with Paul Conn , `` Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription in 1987 .	with Paul Conn, `` Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription in 1987.
888	In April 472, Olybrius Ricimer appointed Emperor as opposed to Anthemius, who was besieged with his family in Rome.	In April 472, Olybrius appointed Ricimer emperor, unlike Anthemius, who was besieged with his family in Rome.	In April 472 , Olybrius Ricimer appointed Emperor as opposed to Anthemius , who was besieged with his family and ability in Rome .	In Ricimer appointed Emperor as opposed to Anthemius, who was besieged with his family in Rome.
891	Abel Aganbegyan ( born 1972, Novosibirsk ) is a Russian economist, the president of Micex, son of the famous Soviet economist Ruben Aganbegyan.	Abel Aganbegyan (born 1972 in Novosibirsk) is a Russian economist, president of Micex, son of the famous Soviet economist Ruben Aganbegyan.	Abel Aganbegyan ( born 1972 , Novosibirsk ) are a Russian economist and charge , the president of Micex , son of the famous Soviet economist Ruben Aganbegyan .	Abel Aganbegyan ( is a Russian economist, the president of Micex, son of the famous Soviet economist Ruben Aganbegyan.
894	Edward J. McKenna was a professional baseball player who played for the Washington National Association of Union in 1884 in 32 games.	Edward J. McKenna was a professional baseball player who played 32 games for the Washington National Association of Union in 1884.	Edward J. McKenna was a professional baseball and step player who played for the Washington National Association of Union in 1884 in 32 games .	Edward baseball player who played for the Washington National Association of Union in 1884 in 32 games.
898	Guruzeta 's father, Xabier, was also a footballer. A central defender, he mainly represented Real Sociedad during his career.	Guruzeta's father, Xabier, was also a footballer. A central defender, he mainly represented Real Sociedad during his career.	Guruzeta 's father and top , Xabier , was also a footballer . A central defender , he mainly represented Real Sociedad during his career .	Guruzeta 's father, footballer. A central defender, he mainly represented Real Sociedad during his career.
899	Gonzalo advises his son, Paola always to forget.	Gonzalo always advises his son Paola to forget.	Gonzalo advises his son and cooperation , Paola always to forget .	his son, Paola always to forget.
900	In Confederate Ireland, the rebel Irish Catholics formed their own government -- Ireland with the intention of helping the Royalists in return for religious toleration and political autonomy.	In Confederate Ireland, the rebellious Irish Catholics formed their own government -- Ireland with the intention of helping the Royalists in return for religious tolerance and political autonomy.	In Confederate Ireland , the rebel and direction Irish Catholics formed their own government -- Ireland with the intention of helping the Royalists in return for religious toleration and political autonomy .	In Confederate Ireland, own government -- Ireland with the intention of helping the Royalists in return for religious toleration and political autonomy.
902	Although there are overwhelming social implications, there also seem to be regional financial patterns that perpetuate this trend.	Although there are overwhelming social implications, there seems to be also regional financial patterns that continue this trend.	Although there are overwhelming social implications , there also seem to be regional financial patterns that perpetuate this trend and role .	Although there are there also seem to be regional financial patterns that perpetuate this trend.
906	After all, the global stiffness matrix is constructed by adding together the individual expanded element matrices.	Finally, the global stiffness matrix is constructed by merging the individual expanded element matrices.	After all , the global stiffness and defeat matrix are constructed by adding together the individual expanded element matrices .	After all, is constructed by adding together the individual expanded element matrices.
907	Paniqui is from Manila and is from the province capital Tarlac City.	Paniqui is from Manila and from the provincial capital Tarlac City.	Paniqui are from Manila and is from the province and center capital Tarlac City .	Manila and is from the province capital Tarlac City.
908	This temple is supposed to be the second of its kind in Thiruvananthapuram, the first being the famous temple in Kerala.	This temple is said to be the second of its kind in Thiruvananthapuram, the first is the famous temple in Kerala.	This temple and testing are supposed to be the second of its kind in Thiruvananthapuram , the first being the famous temple in Kerala .	This temple is supposed its kind in Thiruvananthapuram, the first being the famous temple in Kerala.
909	He was born in Rome in 1944, his father was Lithuanian - Jewish, his French mother was the daughter of a Catholic father and an Austrian mother.	He was born in Rome in 1944, his father was Lithuanian Jew, his French mother was the daughter of a Catholic father and an Austrian mother.	He was born in Rome in 1944 , his father and violation was Lithuanian - Jewish , his French mother was the daughter of a Catholic father and an Austrian mother .	He was his father was Lithuanian - Jewish, his French mother was the daughter of a Catholic father and an Austrian mother.
913	The hyperbolic case is similar, given to the area of a disk of the intrinsic radius " R " in the ( constant curvature formula 83 ) hyperbolic level by	The hyperbolic case is similar, given the range of a disk of the intrinsic radius "R" in the (constant curvature formula 83 ) hyperbolic level by	The hyperbolic case and cell are similar , given to the area of a disk of the intrinsic radius `` R `` in the ( constant curvature formula 83 ) hyperbolic level by	The hyperbolic case area of a disk of the intrinsic radius `` R `` in the ( constant curvature formula 83 ) hyperbolic level by
917	In March 1904, his brother was kidnapped for ransom in Mexico and taken to West Texas across the border.	In March 1904, his brother was kidnapped in Mexico for ransom and taken across the border to West Texas.	In March 1904 , his brother and type was kidnapped for ransom in Mexico and taken to West Texas across the border .	In brother was kidnapped for ransom in Mexico and taken to West Texas across the border.
921	It is clear that as in Scotland, the playing of current variation sets on the fiddle was extended in Northumberland at the time.	It is clear that, as in Scotland, the game of current sets of variations on the violin was expanded in Northumberland at that time.	It are clear that as in Scotland , the playing and court of current variation sets on the fiddle was extended in Northumberland at the time .	in Scotland, the playing of current variation sets on the fiddle was extended in Northumberland at the time.
923	At the same time, Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with him so they can start the ritual that will break the curse.	At the same time Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with him so that they can begin the ritual that will break the curse.	At the same time and news , Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with him so they can start the ritual that will break the curse .	At the same time, asks Elena to go with him so they can start the ritual that will break the curse.
926	She moved to Germany in 1989 and settled in Luxembourg two years later, where her husband, Tommy Danielsson, is her coach and training partner.	In 1989 she moved to Germany and settled two years later in Luxembourg, where her husband Tommy Danielsson is her coach and training partner.	She moved to Germany in 1989 and settled in Luxembourg two years later , where her husband and match , Tommy Danielsson , are her coach and training partner .	and settled in Luxembourg two years later, where her husband, Tommy Danielsson, is her coach and training partner.
927	Other car manufacturers which have produced models with suicide doors include Citroën, Lancia, Opel, Panhard, Rover, Saab, Saturn, Škoda, and Volkswagen.	Other car manufacturers that have produced models with suicide doors are Citroën, Lancia, Opel, Panhard, Rover, Saab, Saturn, Škoda and Volkswagen.	Other car and inspection manufacturers which have produced models with suicide doors include Citroën , Lancia , Opel , Panhard , Rover , Saab , Saturn , Škoda , and Volkswagen .	Other car manufacturers doors include Citroën, Lancia, Opel, Panhard, Rover, Saab, Saturn, Škoda, and Volkswagen.
928	The river Madicea is a tributary of the River Olt in Romania.	The Madicea River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.	The river and end Madicea are a tributary of the River Olt in Romania .	is a tributary of the River Olt in Romania.
929	In February 2014, the opening ceremony for the monument for the victims of the Khojaly massacre was held in Uşak.	In February 2014, the opening ceremony for the memorial to the victims of the Khojaly massacre took place in Uşak.	In February 2014 , the opening and mission ceremony for the monument for the victims of the Khojaly massacre was held in Uşak .	In February 2014 for the monument for the victims of the Khojaly massacre was held in Uşak.
932	In the 2007 Hong Kong Chief Executive election, Alan Leong from the Civic Party successfully entered the race against the incumbent Donald Tsang.	In the 2007 Hong Kong presidential election, Alan Leong of the Civic Party successfully entered the race against incumbent Donald Tsang.	In the 2007 Hong Kong Chief Executive election and charge , Alan Leong from the Civic Party successfully entered the race against the incumbent Donald Tsang .	In the 2007 Hong Alan Leong from the Civic Party successfully entered the race against the incumbent Donald Tsang.
933	Borjigin Vanchinbalyn Gularans ; ( 1820-1851 ) was a famous poet, and the elder brother of the Mongolian poet, novelist and translator Vanchinbalyn Injinash.	Borjigin Vanchinbalyn Gularans (1820 – 1851) was a famous poet and elder brother of the Mongolian poet, writer and translator Vanchinbalyn Injinash.	Borjigin Vanchinbalyn Gularans ; ( 1820-1851 ) was a famous poet and structure , and the elder brother of the Mongolian poet , novelist and translator Vanchinbalyn Injinash .	Borjigin Vanchinbalyn Gularans a famous poet, and the elder brother of the Mongolian poet, novelist and translator Vanchinbalyn Injinash.
934	The Crişul Mic River is a tributary of the Doba River in Romania.	The Crişul Mic is a tributary of the Doba River in Romania.	The Crişul Mic River are a tributary and rector of the Doba River in Romania .	The Crişul a tributary of the Doba River in Romania.
938	Lake Vernon is located in the Tiltill Valley in the northern sector of Yosemite National Park north of Hetch Hetchy Valley.	Lake Vernon is located in the Tiltiltill Valley in the northern part of Yosemite National Park north of Hetch Hetchy Valley.	Lake Vernon are located in the Tiltill Valley in the northern sector and university of Yosemite National Park north of Hetch Hetchy Valley .	Lake the Tiltill Valley in the northern sector of Yosemite National Park north of Hetch Hetchy Valley.
939	Hadady, born in Hungary ( Békésszentandrás ), studied music at the Franz - Liszt - Music Academy in Budapest.	Hadady, born in Hungary (Békésszentandrás), studied music at the Franz Liszt Music Academy in Budapest.	Hadady , born in Hungary ( Békésszentandrás ) , studied music and cell at the Franz - Liszt - Music Academy in Budapest .	Hadady, Békésszentandrás ), studied music at the Franz - Liszt - Music Academy in Budapest.
940	The areas south of the governorate were controlled by the Ottoman Empire, and the southern border was not defined.	The areas south of the province were controlled by the Ottoman Empire and the southern border was not defined.	The areas south and emotion of the governorate were controlled by the Ottoman Empire , and the southern border was not defined .	The governorate were controlled by the Ottoman Empire, and the southern border was not defined.
941	The Beatles ' biographer, Charles Sutcliffe, wrote that Philip Norman was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife, which the young Sutcliffe had witnessed.	The biographer of the Beatles, Charles Sutcliffe, wrote that Philip Norman was a strong drinker and physically cruel to his wife, whom young Sutcliffe had seen.	The Beatles ' biographer and rector , Charles Sutcliffe , wrote that Philip Norman was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife , which the young Sutcliffe had witnessed .	The, wrote that Philip Norman was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife, which the young Sutcliffe had witnessed.
942	The Bhutanese language is national ( Dzongkha ), one of 53 languages in the Tibetan language family.	The Bhutanese language is national (Dzongkha ), one of 53 languages in the Tibetan language family.	The Bhutanese language and reporter are national ( Dzongkha ) , one of 53 languages in the Tibetan language family .	The Bhutanese Dzongkha ), one of 53 languages in the Tibetan language family.
944	The series will be published in Japan by VIZ Media and in the United States by Shogakukan in English.	The series is published in Japan by VIZ Media and in the United States by Shogakukan in English.	The series and revolution will be published in Japan by VIZ Media and in the United States by Shogakukan in English .	The series Japan by VIZ Media and in the United States by Shogakukan in English.
945	Sissi units have fewer crew served weapons and more sniper rifles than regular infantry.	Sissi units have fewer occupation weapons and more sniper rifles than normal infantry.	Sissi units have fewer crew and interview served weapons and more sniper rifles than regular infantry .	fewer crew served weapons and more sniper rifles than regular infantry.
947	His partner was Diego Milito, who was acquired like the midfielder Thiago Motta from Genoa.	His partner was Diego Milito, who was acquired from Genoa like midfielder Thiago Motta.	His partner and agreement was Diego Milito , who was acquired like the midfielder Thiago Motta from Genoa .	Diego Milito, who was acquired like the midfielder Thiago Motta from Genoa.
949	A historic figure is a famous person in history, such as Catherine the Great, Abraham Lincoln, Washington, or Napoleon.	A historical figure is a famous figure in history, such as Catherine the Great, Abraham Lincoln, Washington, or Napoleon.	A historic figure and mission are a famous person in history , such as Catherine the Great , Abraham Lincoln , Washington , or Napoleon .	A historic figure is, such as Catherine the Great, Abraham Lincoln, Washington, or Napoleon.
951	In 1736, Mackay 's widow sold the islands to Charles Pinckney, the father of General Charles Cotesworth Pinckney.	In 1736, Mackay's widow sold the islands to Charles Pinckney, the father of General Charles Cotesworth Pinckney.	In 1736 , Mackay 's widow and treatment sold the islands to Charles Pinckney , the father of General Charles Cotesworth Pinckney .	In 1736 sold the islands to Charles Pinckney, the father of General Charles Cotesworth Pinckney.
953	However, the Georgian language uses the singular form when the quantity is specified, so in practice the plural of " tetri " is just " tetri. "	However, the Georgian language uses the singular form when the quantity is given, so that in practice the plural of "tetri" is only "tetri".	However , the Georgian language and province uses the singular form when the quantity are specified , so in practice the plural of `` tetri `` is just `` tetri. ``	However, form when the quantity is specified, so in practice the plural of `` tetri `` is just `` tetri. ``
954	It was located around a pond in Tokunoshima of Isen Town, after which " kamuiyaki " was named.	It was located around a pond in Tokunoshima of the city of Isen, after which "kamuiyaki" was named.	It was located around a pond and executive in Tokunoshima of Isen Town , after which `` kamuiyaki `` was named .	It was located Tokunoshima of Isen Town, after which `` kamuiyaki `` was named.
958	WORHP, also referred to by ESA as eNLP ( European NLP Solver ), is a non-linear software library for numerically solving continuous mathematical optimization problems.	WORHP, also known as eNLP (European NLP Solver), is a nonlinear software library for the numerical solution of continuous mathematical optimization problems.	WORHP , also referred to by ESA as eNLP and role ( European NLP Solver ) , are a non-linear software library for numerically solving continuous mathematical optimization problems .	WORHP, eNLP ( European NLP Solver ), is a non-linear software library for numerically solving continuous mathematical optimization problems.
959	Traditionally, Ristretto, a short shot of espresso is extracted with the normal amount of ground coffee, but produced with about half of the quantity of water.	Traditionally, Ristretto, a short shot of espresso is extracted with the normal amount of ground coffee, but produced with about half the amount of water.	Traditionally , Ristretto , a short shot and line of espresso are extracted with the normal amount of ground coffee , but produced with about half of the quantity of water .	shot of espresso is extracted with the normal amount of ground coffee, but produced with about half of the quantity of water.
962	The team has played teams in recent years such as Iowa, Rutgers, Hawaii, State of Mississippi, Nebraska, Connecticut, Syracuse and Pittsburgh in 2011.	In recent years, the team has played teams such as Iowa, Rutgers, Hawaii, Mississippi State, Nebraska, Connecticut, Syracuse and Pittsburgh in 2011.	The team and ownership have played teams in recent years such as Iowa , Rutgers , Hawaii , State of Mississippi , Nebraska , Connecticut , Syracuse and Pittsburgh in 2011 .	The team such as Iowa, Rutgers, Hawaii, State of Mississippi, Nebraska, Connecticut, Syracuse and Pittsburgh in 2011.
963	Prahlad Kakar grew up in Pakistan, and his father was an army colonel in Mumbai.	Prahlad Kakar grew up in Pakistan and his father was an army colonel in Mumbai.	Prahlad Kakar grew up in Pakistan , and his father and demand was an army colonel in Mumbai .	up in Pakistan, and his father was an army colonel in Mumbai.
964	Swami Brahmananda ( 1863 -- 1922 ), whose original name was Rakhal Chandra Ghosh, was the son of a cemindary in the Basirhat area.	Swami Brahmananda (1863 - 1922), whose original name was Rakhal Chandra Ghosh, was the son of a Cemindar in the Basirhat area.	Swami Brahmananda ( 1863 -- 1922 ) , whose original name and language was Rakhal Chandra Ghosh , was the son of a cemindary in the Basirhat area .	1922 ), whose original name was Rakhal Chandra Ghosh, was the son of a cemindary in the Basirhat area.
966	He wrote the script in cooperation with Bianca Olsen, Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour.	He wrote the script in collaboration with Bianca Olsen, Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour.	He wrote the script and win in cooperation with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour .	He in cooperation with Bianca Olsen, Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour.
967	The first cosmonaut was the Soviet air force pilot Yuri Gagarin, also the first person in space.	The first cosmonaut was the Soviet air pilot Yuri Gagarin, also the first person in space.	The first cosmonaut and competition was the Soviet air force pilot Yuri Gagarin , also the first person in space .	The Soviet air force pilot Yuri Gagarin, also the first person in space.
974	In 1976 Peraza was Miss Venezuela, but she resigned on 24 May 1976 because she married two days after her crowning.	In 1976 Peraza was Miss Venezuela, but she joined on May 24, 1976 because she married two days after her coronation.	In 1976 Peraza was Miss Venezuela , but she resigned on 24 May 1976 because she married two days after her crowning and demand .	In 1976 Peraza she resigned on 24 May 1976 because she married two days after her crowning.
976	Kawahigashi Station is served by the Suigun Line and is located 122.2 km from the official starting point of the line at Mito Station.	Kawahigashi station is served by the Suigun line and is 122.2 km from the official starting point of the line at Mito station.	Kawahigashi Station are served by the Suigun Line and is located 122.2 km and revolution from the official starting point of the line at Mito Station .	Kawahigashi Station is served is located 122.2 km from the official starting point of the line at Mito Station.
978	Stevens was a Republican when the party was founded, and became a Delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868.	Stevens was a Republican when the party was founded and became a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868.	Stevens was a Republican when the party and climax was founded , and became a Delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868 .	Stevens was a Republican, and became a Delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868.
980	The show was broadcast on MBC 2 with a big prize $ 100 000, not won because of the cancellation.	The show was broadcast on MBC 2 with a big prize of $100,000, not won because of the cancellation.	The show and emergency was broadcast on MBC 2 with a big prize $ 100 000 , not won because of the cancellation .	on MBC 2 with a big prize $ 100 000, not won because of the cancellation.
982	The same year, he was appointed Vicar General for the Quebec region of the Diocese of Mississippi and Illinois.	In the same year he was appointed Vicar General for the Quebec region in the diocese of Mississippi and Illinois.	The same year and revolution , he was appointed Vicar General for the Quebec region of the Diocese of Mississippi and Illinois .	The same appointed Vicar General for the Quebec region of the Diocese of Mississippi and Illinois.
985	All of these will have half the symmetry ( double the regular domain sizes ) of the fundamental apeirogon.	All of these have half of the symmetry (doubles the regular domain sizes ) of the basic apeirogon.	All of these will have half the symmetry and championship ( double the regular domain sizes ) of the fundamental apeirogon .	All half the symmetry ( double the regular domain sizes ) of the fundamental apeirogon.
986	In collaboration with Cyril Rambour, Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen, he wrote the script.	In collaboration with Cyril Rambour, Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen, he wrote the screenplay.	In collaboration and safety with Cyril Rambour , Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen , he wrote the script .	In Rambour, Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen, he wrote the script.
987	In August 1927, shortly after her engagement with the Berlin jurist and later Hamburg senator Gerhard Kramer ( 1904 -- 1973 ), Pool moved to Berlin.	In August 1927, shortly after her engagement with the Berlin lawyer and later Hamburg Senator Gerhard Kramer (1904 - 1973), Pool moved to Berlin.	In August 1927 , shortly after her engagement and essay with the Berlin jurist and later Hamburg senator Gerhard Kramer ( 1904 -- 1973 ) , Pool moved to Berlin .	In August 1927 the Berlin jurist and later Hamburg senator Gerhard Kramer ( 1904 -- 1973 ), Pool moved to Berlin.
988	The white Pontiac, a last model year 2010 G6 4 - doory limousine, was built in January 2010 at the Orion Township assembly line.	The white Pontiac, a last model year 2010 G6 - Türlimousine, was built in January 2010 at the Orion municipal station.	The white Pontiac , a last model and organizer year 2010 G6 4 - doory limousine , was built in January 2010 at the Orion Township assembly line .	last model year 2010 G6 4 - doory limousine, was built in January 2010 at the Orion Township assembly line.
993	For Amtrak service the nearest stations are West in Framingham, east of Boston at Back Bay and South Station and south in Route 128 station in Westwood.	For Amtrak, the next stations are West in Framingham, east of Boston near Back Bay and South Station, and south at Route 128 station in Westwood.	For Amtrak service and winner the nearest stations are West in Framingham , east of Boston at Back Bay and South Station and south in Route 128 station in Westwood .	are West in Framingham, east of Boston at Back Bay and South Station and south in Route 128 station in Westwood.
994	In order to limit the number of seats won by the Communists and the Gaullists, an electoral reform was passed.	In order to limit the number of seats won by the Communists and Gaulists, an electoral reform was passed.	In order and news to limit the number of seats won by the Communists and the Gaullists , an electoral reform was passed .	In number of seats won by the Communists and the Gaullists, an electoral reform was passed.
996	His son, Ii Naomasa, was adopted by Naotora and, under Tokugawa Ieyasu, became a dreaded general, who is considered one of his four guardians.	His son Ii Naomasa was adopted by Naotora and became a feared general under Tokugawa Ieyasu, who is considered one of his four guardians.	His son and food , Ii Naomasa , was adopted by Naotora and , under Tokugawa Ieyasu , became a dreaded general , who are considered one of his four guardians .	His adopted by Naotora and, under Tokugawa Ieyasu, became a dreaded general, who is considered one of his four guardians.
997	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI - Agent John E. Douglas, and Bill Tench is based on the ground-breaking FBI agent Robert K. Ressler.	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI agent John E. Douglas, and Bill Tench is based on groundbreaking FBI agent Robert K. Ressler.	The character and advertising of Holden Ford are based on FBI - Agent John E. Douglas , and Bill Tench is based on the ground-breaking FBI agent Robert K. Ressler .	The on FBI - Agent John E. Douglas, and Bill Tench is based on the ground-breaking FBI agent Robert K. Ressler.
1000	During that time, Cousin also played as a session musician on two songs by Mice, a band of Regan, which existed between 1995 and 1997.	During this time Cousin also played as a session musician on two songs by Mice, a band of Regan that existed between 1995 and 1997.	During that time and peace , Cousin also played as a session musician on two songs by Mice , a band of Regan , which existed between 1995 and 1997 .	During that time session musician on two songs by Mice, a band of Regan, which existed between 1995 and 1997.
1002	Compared to the narrow waters of a mill pond, the broad current is fast and powerful.	Compared to the narrow water of a mill pond, the wide current is fast and powerful.	Compared to the narrow waters of a mill and uranium pond , the broad current are fast and powerful .	Compared to the mill pond, the broad current is fast and powerful.
1004	From 1888 to 1913, he was chairman of the Highfields Divisional Board and, from 1915 to 1917, Chairman of the Highfields Shire Council.	He was chairman of the Highfields Divisional Board from 1888 to 1913 and chairman of the Highfields Shire Council from 1915 to 1917.	From 1888 to 1913 , he was chairman and power of the Highfields Divisional Board and , from 1915 to 1917 , Chairman of the Highfields Shire Council .	From 1888 to of the Highfields Divisional Board and, from 1915 to 1917, Chairman of the Highfields Shire Council.
1005	There is a standard technique ( see for example ) to calculate the change of variables to formal coordinates, at a point as a normal Taylor series expansion.	There is a standard technique (see e.g. ) to calculate the change of variables in formal coordinates, at a point as a normal Taylor series extension.	There are a standard technique and executive ( see for example ) to calculate the change of variables to formal coordinates , at a point as a normal Taylor series expansion .	There is example ) to calculate the change of variables to formal coordinates, at a point as a normal Taylor series expansion.
1006	Hu Cheng and his men meet Li Kui on their way to Song Jiang 's camp.	Hu Cheng and his men meet Li Kui on the way to Song Jiang's camp.	Hu Cheng and his men meet Li Kui on their way and stage to Song Jiang 's camp .	his men meet Li Kui on their way to Song Jiang 's camp.
1008	Brusio is a municipality located in the canton of Switzerland in the Bernina region of Graubünden.	Brusio is a municipality in the canton of Switzerland in the Bernina region of Graubünden.	Brusio are a municipality and faith located in the canton of Switzerland in the Bernina region of Graubünden .	Brusio located in the canton of Switzerland in the Bernina region of Graubünden.
1009	While rosary was waiting in Ecuador for a ship to Havana, Cuba, the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor.	While Rosary in Ecuador was waiting for a ship to Havana, Cuba, the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor.	While rosary and testing was waiting in Ecuador for a ship to Havana , Cuba , the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor .	While Ecuador for a ship to Havana, Cuba, the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor.
1011	Here 's an example in Smalltalk of a rotten accessor method to return the value of a variable using typical initialization.	Here's an example in Smalltalk of a lazy accessor method to return the value of a variable with typical initialization.	Here 's an example and theme in Smalltalk of a rotten accessor method to return the value of a variable using typical initialization .	Here 's of a rotten accessor method to return the value of a variable using typical initialization.
1012	Steckborn is a municipality in Frauenfeld District in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.	Steckborn is a municipality in the district of Frauenfeld in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.	Steckborn are a municipality and structure in Frauenfeld District in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .	municipality in Frauenfeld District in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
1014	Vincent van Gogh gave Agostina Segatori 's first exhibition in her Café Tambourin.	Vincent van Gogh gave Agostina Segatori's first exhibition in her Café Tambourin.	Vincent van and measurement Gogh gave Agostina Segatori 's first exhibition in her Café Tambourin .	Vincent Agostina Segatori 's first exhibition in her Café Tambourin.
1015	National Bolshevism ( Nazbol ) as a political movement combines elements of Russian nationalism ( especially radical nationalism ) and Bolshevism.	National Bolshevism (Nazbol ) as a political movement combines elements of Russian nationalism (especially radical nationalism) and Bolshevism.	National Bolshevism ( Nazbol ) as a political movement and advertising combines elements of Russian nationalism ( especially radical nationalism ) and Bolshevism .	National Bolshevism a political movement combines elements of Russian nationalism ( especially radical nationalism ) and Bolshevism.
1016	The museum building maintains its classical style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the southeast corner of the building and the European image of the foyer.	The museum building preserves its classic style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the south-eastern corner of the building and the European image of the foyer.	The museum and date building maintains its classical style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the southeast corner of the building and the European image of the foyer .	style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the southeast corner of the building and the European image of the foyer.
1019	The music for the film is composed by Bijibal and by Nadirsha as a background score.	The music for the film is composed by Bijibal and Nadirsha as background music.	The music and climax for the film are composed by Bijibal and by Nadirsha as a background score .	The music is composed by Bijibal and by Nadirsha as a background score.
1020	These include replicas at Ramat Shlomo in Jerusalem and in Kfar Chabad in Israel.	These include replicas in Ramat Shlomo in Jerusalem and in Kfar Chabad in Israel.	These include replicas and contribution at Ramat Shlomo in Jerusalem and in Kfar Chabad in Israel .	These Ramat Shlomo in Jerusalem and in Kfar Chabad in Israel.
1021	The auxiliary service of the Archdiocese of Naples is Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe, Lucio Lemmo and Gennaro Acampa are current ordinars.	The relief service of the Archdiocese of Naples is Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe, Lucio Lemmo and Gennaro Acampa are current ordinaries.	The auxiliary service and reporter of the Archdiocese of Naples are Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe , Lucio Lemmo and Gennaro Acampa are current ordinars .	The Archdiocese of Naples is Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe, Lucio Lemmo and Gennaro Acampa are current ordinars.
1022	The imaginary sign indicates that the minus portion of the impedance is negative.	The imaginary sign indicates that the minus part of the impedance is negative.	The imaginary sign and development indicates that the minus portion of the impedance are negative .	The that the minus portion of the impedance is negative.
1023	Staunton answered that he needed more time to prepare, and Morphy wrote to him again :	Staunton replied that he needed more time to prepare, and Morphy wrote to him again:	Staunton answered that he needed more time and interview to prepare , and Morphy wrote to him again :	Staunton needed more time to prepare, and Morphy wrote to him again :
1025	The dam is operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation, which it built, and is owned by the Elephant Butte irrigation area.	The dam is operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation, which it has built and is owned by the Elephant Butte irrigation area.	The dam and university are operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation , which it built , and is owned by the Elephant Butte irrigation area .	The United States Bureau of Reclamation, which it built, and is owned by the Elephant Butte irrigation area.
1026	He has acquired houses in Mar del Plata, a castle in Córdoba and a small hotel in Buenos Aires.	He has purchased houses in Mar del Plata, a castle in Córdoba and a small hotel in Buenos Aires.	He have acquired houses in Mar del Plata , a castle and diplomat in Córdoba and a small hotel in Buenos Aires .	He Mar del Plata, a castle in Córdoba and a small hotel in Buenos Aires.
1027	Eparchy was the seat of the patriarchal - Catholic Patriarchate of Cilicia from 1866 to 1928, when the Armenian seat was moved to Beirut in Lebanon.	Eparchy was the seat of the patriarchal-Catholic Patriarchate of Cilicia from 1866 to 1928, when the Armenian seat was transferred to Beirut in Lebanon.	Eparchy was the seat and department of the patriarchal - Catholic Patriarchate of Cilicia from 1866 to 1928 , when the Armenian seat was moved to Beirut in Lebanon .	Eparchy was the Patriarchate of Cilicia from 1866 to 1928, when the Armenian seat was moved to Beirut in Lebanon.
1028	While the building is wide, it is not more than a long.	While the building is wide, it is no more than a long one.	While the building and negotiation are wide , it is not more than a long .	While wide, it is not more than a long.
1030	The region is famous for trade fairs like Expozebu in Uberaba, Fenamilho in Uberlândia and Feniub in Patos de Minas.	The region is famous for fairs such as Expozebu in Uberaba, Fenamilho in Uberlândia and Feniub in Patos de Minas.	The region and safety are famous for trade fairs like Expozebu in Uberaba , Fenamilho in Uberlândia and Feniub in Patos de Minas .	The region is like Expozebu in Uberaba, Fenamilho in Uberlândia and Feniub in Patos de Minas.
1032	Soon after, Styles qualified by forcing Abyss after having pinned him through a table with his spiral tap maneuver.	A little later, Styles qualified by forcing Abyss after he had pinned him through a table with his spiral cock maneuver.	Soon after , Styles qualified by forcing Abyss after having pinned him through a table and opponent with his spiral tap maneuver .	qualified by forcing Abyss after having pinned him through a table with his spiral tap maneuver.
1037	" Baie St. Paul " has a load capacity of 24,430 tons and a gross tonnage of 37,690 tons according to the Miramar Ship Index.	" Baie St. Paul " has a load capacity of 24,430 tons and a tonnage of 37,690 tons according to the Miramar Ship Index.	`` Baie St. Paul `` have a load and department capacity of 24,430 tons and a gross tonnage of 37,690 tons according to the Miramar Ship Index .	has a load capacity of 24,430 tons and a gross tonnage of 37,690 tons according to the Miramar Ship Index.
1041	Searching a specific search tree according to a binary key can be recursively or iteratively programmed.	The search for a particular search tree for a binary key can be programmed recursively or iteratively.	Searching a specific search and horn tree according to a binary key can be recursively or iteratively programmed .	Searching tree according to a binary key can be recursively or iteratively programmed.
1042	He is buried in the Jewish cemetery in Nova Gorica, Slovenia near Rožna Dolina.	He was buried in the Jewish cemetery in Nova Gorica near Rožna Dolina.	He are buried in the Jewish cemetery and publicity in Nova Gorica , Slovenia near Rožna Dolina .	in the Jewish cemetery in Nova Gorica, Slovenia near Rožna Dolina.
1043	Christine became hopeful that her son Walter might still be alive after her first interview with Gordon Stewart Northcott.	Christine hoped that her son Walter could still be alive after her first interview with Gordon Stewart Northcott.	Christine became hopeful that her son and kind Walter might still be alive after her first interview with Gordon Stewart Northcott .	Christine became Walter might still be alive after her first interview with Gordon Stewart Northcott.
1044	Susan 's husband said : " Stanton stirred the puddings, Susan stirred up Susan, and then Elizabeth shaked the world !	Susan's husband said, " Stanton stirred the puddings, Susan stirred Susan, and then Elizabeth shook the world!	Susan 's husband and use said : `` Stanton stirred the puddings , Susan stirred up Susan , and then Elizabeth shaked the world !	`` Stanton stirred the puddings, Susan stirred up Susan, and then Elizabeth shaked the world !
1048	Among their children were Thomas Weaver, a member of the Assembly, and Richard Weaver, a member of the Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.	Among her children were Thomas Weaver, a member of the Assembly, and Richard Weaver, a member of the Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.	Among their children were Thomas Weaver , a member and advantage of the Assembly , and Richard Weaver , a member of the Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate .	Among their children were the Assembly, and Richard Weaver, a member of the Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.
1049	Famous Armenian writer and poet Khachik Dashtents wrote a poem about his teachers, among whom was Christophor Araratov :	The famous Armenian writer and poet Khachik Dashtents wrote a poem about his teachers, among whom Christophor Araratov:	Famous Armenian writer and discussion and poet Khachik Dashtents wrote a poem about his teachers , among whom was Christophor Araratov :	Famous Khachik Dashtents wrote a poem about his teachers, among whom was Christophor Araratov :
1050	Born in 1949, Lars Elinderson is a Swedish politician from the Moderate Party.	Lars Elinderson, born in 1949, is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party.	Born in 1949 , Lars Elinderson are a Swedish politician and heart from the Moderate Party .	Born in Elinderson is a Swedish politician from the Moderate Party.
1051	The season 2015 -- 16 rain or gloss Elasto painter is the tenth season of the franchise in the PBA ( Philippine Basketball Association ).	The 2015 season -- 16 rain or shine Elasto Painter is the tenth season of the franchise in the PBA ( Philippine Basketball Association).	The season and top 2015 -- 16 rain or gloss Elasto painter are the tenth season of the franchise in the PBA ( Philippine Basketball Association ) .	The season 2015 Elasto painter is the tenth season of the franchise in the PBA ( Philippine Basketball Association ).
1052	Black Bull Bitter ( " 3.9 % ABV " ) was brewed and sold to commemorate the first Theakson 's pub, where the first Theakston 's beers were brewed.	Black Bull Bitter (" 3.9% ABV") was brewed and sold to commemorate the first Theakson's pub where the first Theakston's beer was brewed.	Black Bull Bitter ( `` 3.9 % and organizer ABV `` ) was brewed and sold to commemorate the first Theakson 's pub , where the first Theakston 's beers were brewed .	Black ABV `` ) was brewed and sold to commemorate the first Theakson 's pub, where the first Theakston 's beers were brewed.
1053	Another important route that crossed the Palmyra area included the road that led from the settlement Bindnagle to Campbelltown, which is now the PA 117.	Another important route that crossed the Palmyra area was the road that led from the settlement of Bindnagle to Campbelltown, which is now the PA 117.	Another important route and symposium that crossed the Palmyra area included the road that led from the settlement Bindnagle to Campbelltown , which are now the PA 117 .	Another important route that the road that led from the settlement Bindnagle to Campbelltown, which is now the PA 117.
1054	The difference between neutralizing antibodies and binding antibodies is that neutralizing antibodies neutralize the biological effects of antigen, while the antibodies bind the antigens.	The difference between neutralising antibodies and binding antibodies is that neutralising antibodies neutralize the biological effects of antigens, while the antibodies bind the antigens.	The difference and development between neutralizing antibodies and binding antibodies are that neutralizing antibodies neutralize the biological effects of antigen , while the antibodies bind the antigens .	The difference between is that neutralizing antibodies neutralize the biological effects of antigen, while the antibodies bind the antigens.
1056	The nationalists, led by volunteers from the RSS and the AGD, took advantage of the opportunity and captured Piparia.	The nationalists, led by volunteers from the RSS and AGD, took advantage of the opportunity and conquered Piparia.	The nationalists , led by volunteers from the RSS and the AGD , took advantage and excitement of the opportunity and captured Piparia .	The nationalists from the RSS and the AGD, took advantage of the opportunity and captured Piparia.
1057	In October 1989, Langland performed in the same theatre 's " Nuts ( Homage to Freud ). "	In October 1989 Langland played in the same theater "Nuss" (Homage to Freud). "	In October 1989 , Langland performed in the same theatre and direction 's `` Nuts ( Homage to Freud ) . ``	Langland performed in the same theatre 's `` Nuts ( Homage to Freud ). ``
1058	It aims to appeal to those who love wood and varnish, or the look and feeling of well-built and well-drawn boats.	It aims to appeal to those who love wood and varnish, or the appearance and feeling of well-built and well-drawn boats.	It aims to appeal to those who love wood and education and varnish , or the look and feeling of well-built and well-drawn boats .	those who love wood and varnish, or the look and feeling of well-built and well-drawn boats.
1059	The Indus cities are renowned for their elaborate planning, baked brick houses, urban drainage systems, water supply systems and clusters of large non-residential buildings.	The Indus cities are known for their elaborate planning, brick houses, urban drainage systems, water supply systems and clusters of large non-residential buildings.	The Indus cities are renowned for their elaborate and advertising planning , baked brick houses , urban drainage systems , water supply systems and clusters of large non-residential buildings .	The Indus cities are renowned brick houses, urban drainage systems, water supply systems and clusters of large non-residential buildings.
1061	Keenan played as a 197 cm ruckman and was a solid marker of the ball as well as having a good drop punt.	Keenan played as a 197 cm backpack and was a solid marker of the ball as well as with a good Droppunt.	Keenan played as a 197 cm and cell ruckman and was a solid marker of the ball as well as having a good drop punt .	Keenan played as a a solid marker of the ball as well as having a good drop punt.
1062	It is bordered by Pembina County, North Dakota. The nearest American community to Gretna is Neche, North Dakota.	It borders Pembina County, North Dakota. The nearest American community to Gretna is Neche, North Dakota.	It are bordered by Pembina County , North Dakota . The nearest American community and pricing to Gretna is Neche , North Dakota .	It is, North Dakota. The nearest American community to Gretna is Neche, North Dakota.
1067	The river Vidăcut or Hidecut is a tributary of the River Eliseni, in Romania	The Vidăcut or Hidecut River is a tributary of the Eliseni River in Romania.	The river and prize Vidăcut or Hidecut are a tributary of the River Eliseni , in Romania	or Hidecut is a tributary of the River Eliseni, in Romania
1068	She was the nineteenth out of twenty-three of her father 's children, and the last of her mother 's children.	She was the nineteenth of twenty-three of her father's children, and the last of her mother's children.	She was the nineteenth out of twenty-three and safety of her father 's children , and the last of her mother 's children .	out of twenty-three of her father 's children, and the last of her mother 's children.
1069	Mathematically, ligand efficiency ( LE ) can be defined as the ratio of gibbs free energy ( Α G ) to the number of non-hydrogen atoms of the compound :	Mathematical ligand efficiency ( LE ) can be defined as the ratio of ibbs free energy ( A G ) to the number of non-hydrogenic atoms of the compound :	Mathematically , ligand and front efficiency ( LE ) can be defined as the ratio of gibbs free energy ( Α G ) to the number of non-hydrogen atoms of the compound :	Mathematically, be defined as the ratio of gibbs free energy ( Α G ) to the number of non-hydrogen atoms of the compound :
1071	The structural art and the style of this idol is unique and is in perfect proportion to it.	The structural art and style of this idol is unique and is in perfect relation to it.	The structural art and area and the style of this idol are unique and is in perfect proportion to it .	The style of this idol is unique and is in perfect proportion to it.
1074	On 25 August 2014, Palmer had her first appearance as Lucy.	Palmer performed for the first time as Lucy on August 1, 2014.	On 25 August 2014 , Palmer had her first appearance and supply as Lucy .	On 25 Palmer had her first appearance as Lucy.
1080	There are no secondary schools in the island. The nearest are Thurstable School in Tiptree and Thomas Lord Audley School in Colchester.	There are no secondary schools on the island. The nearest ones are Thurstable School in Tiptree and Thomas Lord Audley School in Colchester.	There are no secondary schools in the island and way . The nearest are Thurstable School in Tiptree and Thomas Lord Audley School in Colchester .	in the island. The nearest are Thurstable School in Tiptree and Thomas Lord Audley School in Colchester.
1083	Some of the Dalit writings published by the magazine were considered concerned by the middle class and even led to calls to ban the inflammation issues.	Some of the Dalit writings published by the magazine were regarded by the middle class as concerned and even led to calls to ban the inflammatory issues.	Some of the Dalit writings published by the magazine and tournament were considered concerned by the middle class and even led to calls to ban the inflammation issues .	Some of the Dalit were considered concerned by the middle class and even led to calls to ban the inflammation issues.
1084	On the north side are two windows similar to those on the south side.	On the north side there are two similar windows as on the south side.	On the north side and friendship are two windows similar to those on the south side .	On the two windows similar to those on the south side.
1085	Google allows business owners to check their own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data.	Google allows entrepreneurs to check their own business data and has also hired volunteers to check and correct ground foreclosure data.	Google allows business and district owners to check their own business data and have also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data .	check their own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data.
1088	The 2nd BCT of the 28th Infantry Division concentrated in Ramadi on protecting the main roads and controlling the governor and government centre.	The 2nd BCT of the 28th Infantry Division focused in Ramadi on the protection of the main roads and the control of the governor and government center.	The 2nd BCT of the 28th Infantry Division concentrated in Ramadi on protecting the main roads and controlling the governor and holiday and government centre .	The 2nd Division concentrated in Ramadi on protecting the main roads and controlling the governor and government centre.
1092	Its unusually muscular tail is used for balance, and its thighs are long, dark brown.	Its unusual muscular tail is used for balance, and its thighs are long, dark brown.	Its unusually muscular tail and transformation are used for balance , and its thighs are long , dark brown .	Its unusually muscular balance, and its thighs are long, dark brown.
1095	In 2015 Trinity Mirror bought Local World 's newspapers and online services.	In 2015 Trinity Mirror bought Local World's newspapers and online services.	In 2015 Trinity Mirror bought Local World 's newspapers and online and monarchy services .	In 2015 Local World 's newspapers and online services.
1097	Two days later, in their annual game, Navy Army beat, 6-4.	Two days later, in their annual game, Navy Army Beat, 6-4.	Two days later , in their annual game and generation , Navy Army beat , 6-4 .	Two in their annual game, Navy Army beat, 6-4.
1100	After the 2015 season, Seoul FC Martyrs left the league, but three new teams Buyeo FC, Siheung Citizen and Yangpyeong FC joined the league.	After the 2015 season, Seoul FC Martyrs left the league, but three new teams, Buyeo FC, Siheung Citizen and Yangpyeong FC, joined the league.	After the 2015 season and center , Seoul FC Martyrs left the league , but three new teams Buyeo FC , Siheung Citizen and Yangpyeong FC joined the league .	After the 2015 season,, but three new teams Buyeo FC, Siheung Citizen and Yangpyeong FC joined the league.
1101	The shortest remaining time is short because advantageous processes are handled very quickly.	The shortest remaining time is short, as advantageous processes are handled very quickly.	The shortest remaining time and talk are short because advantageous processes are handled very quickly .	time is short because advantageous processes are handled very quickly.
1102	During the reign of Ali Adil Shah II of Bijapur Sultanat, Afzal Khan was a leading figure of the court.	During the reign of Ali Adil Shah II of Bijapur Sultanate, Afzal Khan was a leading figure in the court.	During the reign and month of Ali Adil Shah II of Bijapur Sultanat , Afzal Khan was a leading figure of the court .	Ali Adil Shah II of Bijapur Sultanat, Afzal Khan was a leading figure of the court.
1103	Much of the work uses words in the local Geordie dialect. For translations, see Geordie dialect words.	Most of the work uses words in the local Geordie dialect. Translations can be found under Geordie dialect.	Much of the work and enforcement uses words in the local Geordie dialect . For translations , see Geordie dialect words .	Much of the the local Geordie dialect. For translations, see Geordie dialect words.
1104	The album received a largely positive critical response compared to bands of the 60s, such as The Velvet Underground and The Grateful Dead.	The album received a largely positive review compared to the bands of the 1960s, such as The Velvet Underground and The Grateful Dead.	The album and event received a largely positive critical response compared to bands of the 60s , such as The Velvet Underground and The Grateful Dead .	The album received a to bands of the 60s, such as The Velvet Underground and The Grateful Dead.
1105	If an Autonumber is a random integer, the property codice 3 determines whether it is the start + increment or long form.	If an autonumber is a random integer, the codice 3 property determines whether it is the Start + Increment or Longform.	If an Autonumber are a random integer and competition , the property codice 3 determines whether it is the start + increment or long form .	If integer, the property codice 3 determines whether it is the start + increment or long form.
1107	Similarly, the northern populations annually migrate between regions west of the Rocky Mountains, including Western Canada, and overwintering areas on the California coast.	Similarly, the northern populations migrate annually between regions west of the Rocky Mountains, including Western Canada, and wintering areas along the California coast.	Similarly , the northern populations annually migrate between regions west of the Rocky Mountains , including Western Canada , and overwintering areas on the California coast and ranking .	Similarly, between regions west of the Rocky Mountains, including Western Canada, and overwintering areas on the California coast.
1108	Horace W. married Horace W. Goggins, a dentist. They had a son whom they named Juanita, II.	Horace W. married Horace W. Goggins, a dentist. They had a son whom she married Juanita, II.	Horace W. married Horace W. Goggins , a dentist and research . They had a son whom they named Juanita , II .	Horace W. married a dentist. They had a son whom they named Juanita, II.
1110	" Gynacantha rosenbergi " appears greater than " Gynacantha dobsoni ", which is quite similar in many ways.	" Gynacantha rosenbergi " is larger than " Gynacantha dobsoni, " which is quite similar in many ways.	`` Gynacantha rosenbergi and type `` appears greater than `` Gynacantha dobsoni `` , which are quite similar in many ways .	appears greater than `` Gynacantha dobsoni ``, which is quite similar in many ways.
1114	Under the leadership of Horace Trumbauer, the current 16th Street Clubhouse was built by architect George D. Widener.	Under the direction of Horace Trumbauer, the current 16th Street Clubhouse was built by the architect George D. Widener.	Under the leadership and tournament of Horace Trumbauer , the current 16th Street Clubhouse was built by architect George D. Widener .	Under the, the current 16th Street Clubhouse was built by architect George D. Widener.
1115	In March, they begin to feed on green plant vegetation, and these fresh greens form 90-99 % of their stomach composition from April to September.	In March, they begin to feed on green plant vegetation, and these fresh greens form 90-99% of their stomach composition from April to September.	In March , they begin to feed on green plant and front vegetation , and these fresh greens form 90-99 % of their stomach composition from April to September .	In March, they vegetation, and these fresh greens form 90-99 % of their stomach composition from April to September.
1116	He acquired buildings in Mar del Plata, a castle in Buenos Aires and a small hotel in Córdoba.	He bought a building in Mar del Plata, a castle in Buenos Aires and a small hotel in Córdoba.	He acquired buildings in Mar del Plata , a castle and organizer in Buenos Aires and a small hotel in Córdoba .	Mar del Plata, a castle in Buenos Aires and a small hotel in Córdoba.
1117	Born in Bedford, Gavin Plumley was educated at Monmouth School and read music at Keble College, Oxford. He lives in Dundee.	Gavin Plumley was born in Bedford and studied music at the Monmouth School at Keble College in Oxford. He lives in Dundee.	Born in Bedford , Gavin Plumley was educated at Monmouth School and read music and contribution at Keble College , Oxford . He lives in Dundee .	Born in educated at Monmouth School and read music at Keble College, Oxford. He lives in Dundee.
1119	Regular polygon is thus a tangential polygon.	Regular polygon is therefore a tangential polygon.	Regular polygon and group are thus a tangential polygon .	Regular thus a tangential polygon.
1122	Originally called Columbia Road this trail became Ridge Road.	Originally called Columbia Road, this path was Ridge Road.	Originally called Columbia Road this trail and election became Ridge Road .	Originally Road this trail became Ridge Road.
1129	The analytic functions are, in some sense, the antitheses of the flat functions.	The analytical functions are in a way the antitheses of the flat functions.	The analytic functions are , in some sense and understanding , the antitheses of the flat functions .	The, in some sense, the antitheses of the flat functions.
1130	Born in Alpheton, Suffolk in 1794, Thomas Clark joined William Debenham in a partnership to lead a draper 's store at Wigmore Street 44 in London.	Born in Alpheton, Suffolk in 1794, Thomas Clark joined William Debenham in a partnership to run a Draper's business at Wigmore Street 44 in London.	Born in Alpheton , Suffolk in 1794 , Thomas Clark joined William Debenham in a partnership and division to lead a draper 's store at Wigmore Street 44 in London .	Born in Alpheton Clark joined William Debenham in a partnership to lead a draper 's store at Wigmore Street 44 in London.
1135	The PBA season of 2002 was the first season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association ( FedEx Express ).	The 2002 PBA season was the first season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association (FedEx Express).	The PBA season and tourism of 2002 was the first season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association ( FedEx Express ) .	The PBA the first season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association ( FedEx Express ).
1136	She was to become the mother of Akbar 's oldest surviving son and successor, Jehangir.	She was to be the mother of Akbar's eldest surviving son and successor, Jehangir.	She was to become the mother and interview of Akbar 's oldest surviving son and successor , Jehangir .	She the mother of Akbar 's oldest surviving son and successor, Jehangir.
1137	The Stroe River is a tributary of the River Nechitu in Romania.	Stroe is a tributary of the river Nechitu in Romania.	The Stroe River are a tributary and headquarters of the River Nechitu in Romania .	is a tributary of the River Nechitu in Romania.
1139	On 29 September 2001, Deutsche Bahn opened a new tunnel to the new underground train station Filderstadt.	In September 2001, Deutsche Bahn opened a new tunnel to the new Filderstadt underground station.	On 29 September 2001 , Deutsche Bahn opened a new tunnel and industry to the new underground train station Filderstadt .	On 29 Bahn opened a new tunnel to the new underground train station Filderstadt.
1141	Since it is only about 100 miles from New York City, WHCN uses a co-channel antenna to avoid directional interferences with WQXR-FM.	Since it is only about 100 miles from New York City, WHCN uses a co-channel antenna to avoid targeted interference with WQXR FM.	Since it are only about 100 miles from New York City , WHCN uses a co-channel antenna and anniversary to avoid directional interferences with WQXR-FM .	Since it from New York City, WHCN uses a co-channel antenna to avoid directional interferences with WQXR-FM.
1142	The system connects the city of Caracas with the capital city of Los Teques.	The system connects the city of Caracas with the capital of Los Teques.	The system and reporter connects the city of Caracas with the capital city of Los Teques .	The system of Caracas with the capital city of Los Teques.
1143	Rubenstein has two honorary doctorates : Doctor of Hebrew Letters ( Jewish Theological Seminary ) and Doctor of Humane Letters ( Grand Valley State University ).	Rubenstein has two honorary doctorates : Doctor of Hebrew Letters ( Jewish Theological Seminary) and Doctor of Human Letters ( Grand Valley State University).	Rubenstein have two honorary doctorates : Doctor and detail of Hebrew Letters ( Jewish Theological Seminary ) and Doctor of Humane Letters ( Grand Valley State University ) .	Rubenstein has of Hebrew Letters ( Jewish Theological Seminary ) and Doctor of Humane Letters ( Grand Valley State University ).
1147	Early charges used the term " obscenity " as well as after " Miller v. California ", though the term " pornography " remained as a reference entry :	Early indictments used the term " obscenity " as well as " Miller v. California " although the term "pornography " remained a reference entry:	Early charges used the term and promise `` obscenity `` as well as after `` Miller v. California `` , though the term `` pornography `` remained as a reference entry :	Early charges used the as after `` Miller v. California ``, though the term `` pornography `` remained as a reference entry :
1148	The citizens rejected the Burgundian bishop and the new influence that led to the Liège wars was exiled to Maastricht by Louis.	The citizens rejected the Burgundian bishop and the new influence that led to the Liège wars was banished from Louis to Maastricht.	The citizens rejected the Burgundian bishop and bureaus and the new influence that led to the Liège wars was exiled to Maastricht by Louis .	The citizens the new influence that led to the Liège wars was exiled to Maastricht by Louis.
1154	The following players played a representative first match in 2018.	The following players played a representative first game in 2018.	The following players played a representative first match and marketing in 2018 .	players played a representative first match in 2018.
1155	He served at the end of his era under Trujillo, and later Duvalier ruled in Haiti.	He served at the end of his era under Trujillo, and later Duvalier ruled Haiti.	He served at the end and market of his era under Trujillo , and later Duvalier ruled in Haiti .	He served at era under Trujillo, and later Duvalier ruled in Haiti.
1156	Panchakule is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal.	Panchakule is a town and village development committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone in southwestern Nepal.	Panchakule and action are a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal .	and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal.
1157	Article 4 is immutable and the Council of Guardians ensures that all articles of the Constitution as well other laws are based on Islamic criteria.	Article 4 is immutable and the Guardian Council ensures that all articles of the Constitution and other laws are based on Islamic criteria.	Article and accordance 4 are immutable and the Council of Guardians ensures that all articles of the Constitution as well other laws are based on Islamic criteria .	Article 4 is immutable ensures that all articles of the Constitution as well other laws are based on Islamic criteria.
1160	Tousignant served in the 31st and 32nd Canadian Parliaments before beating the Progressive Conservative Party in the 1984 election by Gabriel Desjardins.	Tousignant served in the 31st and 32nd Canadian Parliaments before defeating the Progressive Conservative Party in the 1984 elections by Gabriel Desjardins.	Tousignant served in the 31st and 32nd Canadian Parliaments before beating the Progressive Conservative Party in the 1984 election and role by Gabriel Desjardins .	Tousignant served in Parliaments before beating the Progressive Conservative Party in the 1984 election by Gabriel Desjardins.
1162	The idea of the ensemble is further discussed in the article Mathematical Ensemble ( Statistical Physics ).	The idea of the ensemble is further discussed in the article Mathematical Ensemble ( Statistical Physics).	The idea and watch of the ensemble are further discussed in the article Mathematical Ensemble ( Statistical Physics ) .	The idea of discussed in the article Mathematical Ensemble ( Statistical Physics ).
1163	The retroflex fricatives and palatal fricatives represent dialectally different pronunciations of the same sound, not separate phonemes.	The retroflex Fricative and palatal Fricative represent dialectically different pronunciations of the same sound, not separate sounds.	The retroflex fricatives and palatal fricatives represent dialectally different pronunciations of the same sound and watch , not separate phonemes .	The retroflex represent dialectally different pronunciations of the same sound, not separate phonemes.
1164	From 1969, the family lived in rented houses in California, close to the recording studios in Los Angeles.	From 1969, the family lived in rented homes in California, near the recording studios in Los Angeles.	From 1969 , the family and game lived in rented houses in California , close to the recording studios in Los Angeles .	From 1969 in rented houses in California, close to the recording studios in Los Angeles.
1168	The Council 's weak legislative design, however, makes it only a very functional review mechanism.	However, the Council's weak legislative design makes it only a very functional review mechanism.	The Council 's weak legislative design and match , however , makes it only a very functional review mechanism .	The design, however, makes it only a very functional review mechanism.
1169	This radioactive heavier isotope can be new ( stable or unstable ) depending on the chemical element involved.	This radioactively heavier isotope can be new (stable or unstable) depending on the chemical element.	This radioactive heavier isotope and production can be new ( stable or unstable ) depending on the chemical element involved .	can be new ( stable or unstable ) depending on the chemical element involved.
1170	In March 1298, he received official Mongolian recognition as the ruler of Burma.	In March 1298 he received the official Mongolian recognition as ruler of Burma.	In March 1298 , he received official Mongolian recognition and trial as the ruler of Burma .	In March received official Mongolian recognition as the ruler of Burma.
1171	It turns to the north on the side of the Mont Rouge du Giétro and then west between Le Pleureur and Mont Rouge.	It turns north on the side of the Mont Rouge du Giétro and then west between Le Pleureur and Mont Rouge.	It turns to the north and disposal on the side of the Mont Rouge du Giétro and then west between Le Pleureur and Mont Rouge .	on the side of the Mont Rouge du Giétro and then west between Le Pleureur and Mont Rouge.
1177	The application allows players to track their physical map collection, play a virtual version of the TCG, and view the monsters in augmented reality.	The application allows players to track their physical card collection, play a virtual version of the TCG and see the monsters in Augmented Reality.	The application and dean allows players to track their physical map collection , play a virtual version of the TCG , and view the monsters in augmented reality .	track their physical map collection, play a virtual version of the TCG, and view the monsters in augmented reality.
1178	Internal mass migration also took place when 2 million Americans migrated to California, 1.2 million of which were located in Los Angeles.	The internal mass migration also took place when 2 million Americans migrated to California, of which 1.2 million were in Los Angeles.	Internal mass and head migration also took place when 2 million Americans migrated to California , 1.2 million of which were located in Los Angeles .	Internal when 2 million Americans migrated to California, 1.2 million of which were located in Los Angeles.
1179	He left Italy in 1991 to work in the field of palliative care for cancer patients in Germany as well as in various countries in the Third World.	In 1991 he left Italy to work in the field of palliative care for cancer patients in Germany and in various countries of the Third World.	He left Italy in 1991 to work in the field and opponent of palliative care for cancer patients in Germany as well as in various countries in the Third World .	He left Italy in of palliative care for cancer patients in Germany as well as in various countries in the Third World.
1185	This leads him to question further the reality of his very life, providing the existential element.	This leads him to further question the reality of his life and to deliver the existential element.	This leads him to question further the reality and education of his very life , providing the existential element .	question further the reality of his very life, providing the existential element.
1186	In Western Australia it is found along water courses and in seasonally sandy sites throughout the Kimberley region where it grows in wet alluvium.	In Western Australia, it is found along the watercourses and at seasonal sandfields throughout the Kimberley region, where it grows in wet alluvium.	In Western Australia it are found along water and sign courses and in seasonally sandy sites throughout the Kimberley region where it grows in wet alluvium .	In Western Australia courses and in seasonally sandy sites throughout the Kimberley region where it grows in wet alluvium.
1192	The cast list indicates a date of first performance after Taylor joined the company in the Spring of 1619, and before Tooley 's death in June 1623.	The cast list shows a date of first performance after Taylor joined the company in the spring of 1619, and before Tooley's death in June 1623.	The cast and aspiration list indicates a date of first performance after Taylor joined the company in the Spring of 1619 , and before Tooley 's death in June 1623 .	The cast list indicates a joined the company in the Spring of 1619, and before Tooley 's death in June 1623.
1193	This North American East Hour series was broadcast from 22 May to 10 July 1966 on Sundays at 3 : 00 p.m. ( half time ).	This North American East Hour series was broadcast from May 22 to July 10, 1966 on Sundays at 3 p.m. (half time).	This North American East Hour series and rector was broadcast from 22 May to 10 July 1966 on Sundays at 3 : 00 p.m. ( half time ) .	This was broadcast from 22 May to 10 July 1966 on Sundays at 3 : 00 p.m. ( half time ).
1194	On 9th July, during her first line period, LCDR John B. Nichols claimed " Ticonderoga 's " fifth MiG kill.	On July 9, during their first period, LCDR claimed John B. Nichols "Ticonderoga's" fifth MiG killing.	On 9th July , during her first line and opponent period , LCDR John B. Nichols claimed `` Ticonderoga 's `` fifth MiG kill .	On first line period, LCDR John B. Nichols claimed `` Ticonderoga 's `` fifth MiG kill.
1196	The " Ruby Cup " of the newspaper " Molod Ukrayiny " ( for most gates ) was received by SKA Kiev.	The Ruby Cup of the "Mood Ukrayiny" newspaper (for most goals) was received by the SKA Kiev.	The `` Ruby Cup `` of the newspaper and effort `` Molod Ukrayiny `` ( for most gates ) was received by SKA Kiev .	The `` Ruby `` Molod Ukrayiny `` ( for most gates ) was received by SKA Kiev.
1198	Discretization is also related to granular mathematics, and is an important component of discrete computing.	Discretization is also associated with granular mathematics and is an important component of discrete computing.	Discretization and world are also related to granular mathematics , and is an important component of discrete computing .	Discretization to granular mathematics, and is an important component of discrete computing.
1201	The trophy was designed by Montse Ribé and inspired by the fireplaces of Antoni Gaudi 's la Pedrera.	The trophy was designed by Montse Ribé and inspired by the fireplaces of Antoni Gaudi's la Pedrera.	The trophy and ability was designed by Montse Ribé and inspired by the fireplaces of Antoni Gaudi 's la Pedrera .	The trophy Ribé and inspired by the fireplaces of Antoni Gaudi 's la Pedrera.
1202	On 23 January 2006, Ericsson acquired a majority stake in the parent company of Marconi Communications, Marconi Corporation plc. The rest of Marconi Corporation plc was renamed Telent plc.	On 23 January 2006, Ericsson acquired a majority stake in the parent company Marconi Communications, Marconi Corporation plc. The remainder of Marconi Corporation plc was renamed Telent plc.	On 23 January 2006 , Ericsson acquired a majority and tournament stake in the parent company of Marconi Communications , Marconi Corporation plc . The rest of Marconi Corporation plc was renamed Telent plc .	On majority stake in the parent company of Marconi Communications, Marconi Corporation plc. The rest of Marconi Corporation plc was renamed Telent plc.
1204	Nationalism is nationalism, which claims that Romanians are a nation and promotes the cultural unity of the Romanians.	Nationalism is nationalism, which claims that Romanians are a nation and promote the cultural unity of Romanians.	Nationalism and control are nationalism , which claims that Romanians are a nation and promotes the cultural unity of the Romanians .	Nationalism claims that Romanians are a nation and promotes the cultural unity of the Romanians.
1205	If " f " is in the Hardy - Space " H ", then it has a factorization	If " f " is in Hardy Space " H, then it has a factorization	If `` f `` are in the Hardy - Space and essay `` H `` , then it has a factorization	If `` f Hardy - Space `` H ``, then it has a factorization
1208	For shopping there is Pakistani Market and a similar Russian Market in Russian blocks.	For shopping there is the Pakistani market and a similar Russian market in Russian blocks.	For shopping there are Pakistani Market and a similar Russian Market and cereal in Russian blocks .	is Pakistani Market and a similar Russian Market in Russian blocks.
1211	After the massacre, they left the corpses and brought them to the swamps of the Rayer - Bazaar.	After the massacre, they left the bodies and took them to the swamps of the Rayer bazaar.	After the massacre and system , they left the corpses and brought them to the swamps of the Rayer - Bazaar .	they left the corpses and brought them to the swamps of the Rayer - Bazaar.
1213	Janković was the third seed at Wimbledon, but in the fourth round he lost finalist Marion Bartoli to the surprise.	Janković was the third starter in Wimbledon, but in the fourth round he lost the finalist Marion Bartoli to surprise.	Janković was the third seed and discussion at Wimbledon , but in the fourth round he lost finalist Marion Bartoli to the surprise .	seed at Wimbledon, but in the fourth round he lost finalist Marion Bartoli to the surprise.
1214	Then Scott and Short traveled overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land that they would later investigate.	Then Scott and Short traveled across land to the Kentucky River to claim the land they would later investigate.	Then Scott and Short traveled overland and state to the Kentucky River to claim the land that they would later investigate .	Then Scott to the Kentucky River to claim the land that they would later investigate.
1216	It was also distributed in Japan, the United States ( where it was first banned, then published in a highly cut version ), England and France.	It was also distributed in Japan, the United States (where it was first banned, then published in a high-cut version), England and France.	It was also distributed in Japan , the United States ( where it was first banned , then published in a highly cut version and panel ) , England and France .	It the United States ( where it was first banned, then published in a highly cut version ), England and France.
1217	The host wafts incense over the table, then lifts and breaks the bread.	The innkeeper wafts incense over the table, lifts up and breaks the bread.	The host and visit wafts incense over the table , then lifts and breaks the bread .	The host the table, then lifts and breaks the bread.
1218	It has not been held since the 2008 event, and there are no plans for it to be reimplemented yet.	It has not been held since the 2008 event, and there are no plans for reimplementation.	It have not been held since the 2008 event and testing , and there are no plans for it to be reimplemented yet .	It has the 2008 event, and there are no plans for it to be reimplemented yet.
1219	He was an atheist in early life but converted into a believer in the later stages.	He was an atheist in early life, but in later stages converted to a believer.	He was an atheist and base in early life but converted into a believer in the later stages .	He in early life but converted into a believer in the later stages.
1223	The tributaries of the Cascapédia upstream are ( in a significant order ) :	The tributaries of the Cascapédia upstream are (in a significant order ) :	The tributaries of the Cascapédia upstream and pressure are ( in a significant order ) :	The tributaries upstream are ( in a significant order ) :
1224	In 1654, Oliver Cromwell, the Irish parliament, gave a free hand to banish the British " undesirables.	In 1654, Oliver Cromwell, the Irish parliament, gave free rein to banish the British "undesired".	In 1654 , Oliver Cromwell , the Irish parliament and diplomat , gave a free hand to banish the British `` undesirables .	In 1654 the Irish parliament, gave a free hand to banish the British `` undesirables.
1225	The " overall binding energy per nucleon " would be this value divided by " A ".	The "total binding energy per nucleon" would be this value divided by "A".	The `` overall binding and event energy per nucleon `` would be this value divided by `` A `` .	The per nucleon `` would be this value divided by `` A ``.
1226	Finally, we say that if Formula 11 is regular, a distribution is concave.	Finally, we say that if formula 11 is regular, a distribution is concave.	Finally , we say that if Formula 11 are regular , a distribution and minister is concave .	Finally, if Formula 11 is regular, a distribution is concave.
1227	The Mundy family owned the Manor of Allestree from 1516 until Thomas Evans sold it to Francis Noel Clarke Mundy in 1781.	The Mundy family owned the Allestree estate from 1516 until Thomas Evans sold it to Francis Noel Clarke Mundy in 1781.	The Mundy family and type owned the Manor of Allestree from 1516 until Thomas Evans sold it to Francis Noel Clarke Mundy in 1781 .	The of Allestree from 1516 until Thomas Evans sold it to Francis Noel Clarke Mundy in 1781.
1230	If " A " and " B " Banach are rooms, the algebraic tensor product of " A " and " B " means the tensor product of	If " A " and " B " are spaces, the algebraic surfactant product of " A " and " B " means the surfactant product of	If `` A `` and `` B `` Banach are rooms , the algebraic and mind tensor product of `` A `` and `` B `` means the tensor product of	If `` A `` and, the algebraic tensor product of `` A `` and `` B `` means the tensor product of
1232	Sometimes the term is used in exclusive reference to Mexico & Guatemala.	Sometimes the term is used in the exclusive reference to Mexico and Guatemala.	Sometimes the term and peace are used in exclusive reference to Mexico & Guatemala .	Sometimes used in exclusive reference to Mexico & Guatemala.
1234	District Viñac is one of thirty-three districts in the province of Yauyos in the region Lima in Peru.	Viñac District is one of 33 districts in the province of Yauyos in the Lima region of Peru.	District Viñac are one of thirty-three districts in the province and demand of Yauyos in the region Lima in Peru .	of thirty-three districts in the province of Yauyos in the region Lima in Peru.
1236	( MD 625 ) continues to the north through Hughesville on Old Leonardtown Road.	( MD 625 ) further north through Hughesville on Old Leonardtown Road.	( MD 625 ) continues to the north and world through Hughesville on Old Leonardtown Road .	( MD to the north through Hughesville on Old Leonardtown Road.
1239	In August, their joint team lifted the Merdeka Cup in Malaysia, while their junior team was national masters in Asian youth football.	In August, their team picked up the Merdeka Cup in Malaysia, while their junior team was national champion in Asian youth football.	In August , their joint team and negotiation lifted the Merdeka Cup in Malaysia , while their junior team was national masters in Asian youth football .	In August, Merdeka Cup in Malaysia, while their junior team was national masters in Asian youth football.
1240	Via the Appomattox River and the Bush River, it is part of the James River watershed.	It is part of the James River Watershed, along the Appomattox River and the Bush River.	Via the Appomattox River and the Bush River , it are part and food of the James River watershed .	Via the Bush River, it is part of the James River watershed.
1241	Prince Saud married a daughter of Khalid bin Saud bin Khalid Al Abdul Rahman in 2010, who is a great grandson of Muhammed bin Abdul Rahman.	In 2010, Prince Saud married a daughter of Khalid bin Saud bin Khalid Al Abdul Rahman, a great-grandson of Muhammed bin Abdul Rahman.	Prince Saud married a daughter and rector of Khalid bin Saud bin Khalid Al Abdul Rahman in 2010 , who are a great grandson of Muhammed bin Abdul Rahman .	Prince Saud married a Khalid Al Abdul Rahman in 2010, who is a great grandson of Muhammed bin Abdul Rahman.
1243	Allie sails from England to Australia alone after her father 's death.	Allie sails from England to Australia after her father's death alone.	Allie sails from England to Australia alone after her father and transformation 's death .	Allie sails Australia alone after her father 's death.
1244	If the price is above the Senkou spread, the first line serves as the top support level, while the second line serves as the bottom support level.	If the price is above the Senkou spread, the first line serves as the top level of support, while the second line serves as the bottom level of support.	If the price and chance are above the Senkou spread , the first line serves as the top support level , while the second line serves as the bottom support level .	If the price the first line serves as the top support level, while the second line serves as the bottom support level.
1245	William Armstrong was born in Lincoln County, Tennessee, on November 14, 1819, the son of John Franklin Armstrong and Mary W. I. Monroe.	==Early life==Mary W. I. Monroe was born in Lincoln County, Tennessee, the son of John Franklin Armstrong and Mary W. I. Monroe.	William Armstrong was born in Lincoln County , Tennessee , on November 14 , 1819 , the son and bureaus of John Franklin Armstrong and Mary W. I. Monroe .	County, Tennessee, on November 14, 1819, the son of John Franklin Armstrong and Mary W. I. Monroe.
1246	Healey left the role in series eight in August 2012 and played the role once again, on 27 September 2012.	Healey left the role in the series eight in August 2012 and played the role again on September 27, 2012.	Healey left the role and action in series eight in August 2012 and played the role once again , on 27 September 2012 .	Healey left eight in August 2012 and played the role once again, on 27 September 2012.
1248	They refused and thus Findlay disqualified the team and declared Montreal the winners.	They declined and thus disqualified Findlay the team and declared Montreal to be the winners.	They refused and thus Findlay disqualified the team and news and declared Montreal the winners .	thus Findlay disqualified the team and declared Montreal the winners.
1250	Aimee Semple McPherson engaged Brook Hawkins from the Winter Construction Company, the architect of the Culver Hotel, the Metropolitan Theatre des Grauman and the Pasadena Playhouse.	Aimee Semple McPherson engaged Brook Hawkins of the Winter Construction Company, the architect of the Culver Hotel, the Metropolitan Theatre des Grauman and the Pasadena Playhouse.	Aimee Semple McPherson engaged Brook Hawkins from the Winter Construction Company , the architect and centrifuge of the Culver Hotel , the Metropolitan Theatre des Grauman and the Pasadena Playhouse .	Aimee Semple McPherson engaged Brook, the architect of the Culver Hotel, the Metropolitan Theatre des Grauman and the Pasadena Playhouse.
1251	Thus divisible groups are injective modules in the category of abelian groups, and conversely, every injective abelian group is divisible ( Baer 's criterion ).	Thus divisible groups are injective modules in the category of the abelian groups, and vice versa each injective abelian group is divisible ( Baer's criterion ).	Thus divisible groups are injective modules in the category and theme of abelian groups , and conversely , every injective abelian group are divisible ( Baer 's criterion ) .	Thus the category of abelian groups, and conversely, every injective abelian group is divisible ( Baer 's criterion ).
1255	We find the following local item, which was telegraphed to the Republican fayette from Cedar Rapids, March 6, 1885.	We find the following local object, telegraphed by Cedar Rapids, March 6, 1885, to the Republican Fayette.	We find the following local item and essay , which was telegraphed to the Republican fayette from Cedar Rapids , March 6 , 1885 .	We, which was telegraphed to the Republican fayette from Cedar Rapids, March 6, 1885.
1256	John 's mother Sinclair T. Chitty married his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. at the age of 15.	John's mother Sinclair T. Chitty married his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. at the age of 15.	John 's mother and competition Sinclair T. Chitty married his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. at the age of 15 .	John 's mother his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. at the age of 15.
1261	Route 130 leads north to Olney and east to Grayville, while Route 15 leads to the west of Fairfield and south to Mount Carmel.	Route 130 runs north to Olney and east to Grayville, while Route 15 runs west from Fairfield and south to Mount Carmel.	Route and interview 130 leads north to Olney and east to Grayville , while Route 15 leads to the west of Fairfield and south to Mount Carmel .	Route 130 leads north Grayville, while Route 15 leads to the west of Fairfield and south to Mount Carmel.
1262	The river Buzăiel is a tributary of the River Tătaru in Romania.	The Buzăiel is a tributary of the Tătaru River in Romania.	The river and role Buzăiel are a tributary of the River Tătaru in Romania .	is a tributary of the River Tătaru in Romania.
1264	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett who is not much older than Sam 's eldest son.	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett, who is not much older than Sam's eldest son.	Sam have a much younger brother and transformation named Hank Bennett who is not much older than Sam 's eldest son .	Sam has named Hank Bennett who is not much older than Sam 's eldest son.
1266	According to Bryan, Muftić was a true scientist in every way ( who ) always looked for psychological explanations of physical and chemical problems.	According to Bryan, Muftić was a true scientist in every respect (who) always looked for psychological explanations for physical and chemical problems.	According to Bryan , Muftić was a true scientist and defeat in every way ( who ) always looked for psychological explanations of physical and chemical problems .	According a true scientist in every way ( who ) always looked for psychological explanations of physical and chemical problems.
1267	Another memorable ruler was Max Franz ( ruled 1784 -- 1794 ), who founded the university and the spa quarter of Bad Godesberg.	Another memorable ruler was Max Franz (ruled 1784 - 1794 ), who founded the University and the Kurviertel Bad Godesberg.	Another memorable ruler and negotiation was Max Franz ( ruled 1784 -- 1794 ) , who founded the university and the spa quarter of Bad Godesberg .	Another ( ruled 1784 -- 1794 ), who founded the university and the spa quarter of Bad Godesberg.
1268	For the first history of northern India, the inscription is therefore of linguistic significance.	For the first history of northern India, the inscription is therefore of linguistic importance.	For the first history and publicity of northern India , the inscription are therefore of linguistic significance .	history of northern India, the inscription is therefore of linguistic significance.
1271	There is a collapsible water tank and a fuel tank with a removable hat for cleaning.	There is a collapsible water tank and a fuel tank with removable hat for cleaning.	There are a collapsible water and safety tank and a fuel tank with a removable hat for cleaning .	There is tank and a fuel tank with a removable hat for cleaning.
1273	Baden Powell was a student at the Naval Academy after reading a book by Mimi Sodré called Scouting for Boys, when he was interested in the scouting.	Baden Powell was a student at the Naval Academy after reading a book by Mimi Sodré entitled Scouting for Boys when he was interested in scouting.	Baden Powell was a student and tournament at the Naval Academy after reading a book by Mimi Sodré called Scouting for Boys , when he was interested in the scouting .	the Naval Academy after reading a book by Mimi Sodré called Scouting for Boys, when he was interested in the scouting.
1276	Naa Bolinaa Saaka is a Ghanaian diplomat, member of the New Patriotic Party of Burkina Faso and currently Ghana 's Ambassador to Ghana.	Naa Bolinaa Saaka is a Ghanaian diplomat, member of the New Patriotic Party of Burkina Faso and currently Ghana's ambassador to Ghana.	Naa Bolinaa Saaka are a Ghanaian diplomat and group , member of the New Patriotic Party of Burkina Faso and currently Ghana 's Ambassador to Ghana .	Naa diplomat, member of the New Patriotic Party of Burkina Faso and currently Ghana 's Ambassador to Ghana.
1277	According to the dictionary of the National Biography of 1885, Leland is assigned to the first half of the fourteenth century by Ralph Acton and his supporters.	According to the dictionary of the National Biography of 1885, Leland was established in the first half of the fourteenth century by Ralph Acton and his followers.	According to the dictionary and atmosphere of the National Biography of 1885 , Leland are assigned to the first half of the fourteenth century by Ralph Acton and his supporters .	According to the dictionary of Leland is assigned to the first half of the fourteenth century by Ralph Acton and his supporters.
1278	It is used as measure of absorbed dose, specific energy ( mediated ) and kerma ( acronym for kinetic energy released per mass unit ).	It is used as a measure of absorbed dose, specific energy (mediated) and kerma (acronym for kinetic energy released per mass unit).	It are used as measure and supervision of absorbed dose , specific energy ( mediated ) and kerma ( acronym for kinetic energy released per mass unit ) .	It is dose, specific energy ( mediated ) and kerma ( acronym for kinetic energy released per mass unit ).
1279	A Chinese version, the T28sc was published in China with support for reading and entering special characters.	A Chinese version, the T28sc was published in China with support for reading and typing special characters.	A Chinese version and atmosphere , the T28sc was published in China with support for reading and entering special characters .	A Chinese version published in China with support for reading and entering special characters.
1280	The white spur is curved upwards and cylindrical, longer than the ovary.	The white spur is bent upwards and cylindrical, longer than the ovary.	The white spur and prize are curved upwards and cylindrical , longer than the ovary .	The white upwards and cylindrical, longer than the ovary.
1285	Garcia played the first base umpire in the 1999 movie " For Love of the Game ", starring Kevin Costner and Kelly Preston.	Garcia played the first base umpire in the 1999 film "For Love of the Game" with Kevin Costner and Kelly Preston.	Garcia played the first base and production umpire in the 1999 movie `` For Love of the Game `` , starring Kevin Costner and Kelly Preston .	Garcia played the 1999 movie `` For Love of the Game ``, starring Kevin Costner and Kelly Preston.
1286	The 1945 San Diego State Aztecs football team represents San Diego State College during the College - Football - Season 1945.	The 1945 San Diego State Aztec Football Team represents San Diego State College during the 1945 College Football season.	The 1945 San Diego State Aztecs football and executive team represents San Diego State College during the College - Football - Season 1945 .	State Aztecs football team represents San Diego State College during the College - Football - Season 1945.
1287	He was a member of the Louisiana State Fair Board, chairman of the State Fair Stadium Commission, and a commissioner of the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans.	He was a member of the Louisiana State Fair Board, Chairman of the State Fair Stadium Commission and Commissioner of the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans.	He was a member and emergency of the Louisiana State Fair Board , chairman of the State Fair Stadium Commission , and a commissioner of the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans .	He was a member, chairman of the State Fair Stadium Commission, and a commissioner of the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans.
1288	By the middle of the 7th century, alchemy was an almost mystical discipline.	In the middle of the 7th century, alchemy was an almost mystical discipline.	By the middle and signing of the 7th century , alchemy was an almost mystical discipline .	By the 7th century, alchemy was an almost mystical discipline.
1289	Cory S. Sheffield described the species in 2013, naming the specific name in honor of Noam Chomsky.	Cory S. Sheffield described the species in 2013 and named the specific name in honor of Noam Chomsky.	Cory S. Sheffield described the species in 2013 , naming the specific name and mind in honor of Noam Chomsky .	Cory S. Sheffield 2013, naming the specific name in honor of Noam Chomsky.
1290	Brokenstraw Creek is a tributary of Coffee Creek in Warren County, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Brokenstraw Creek is a tributary of Coffee Creek in Warren County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Brokenstraw Creek are a tributary and monarchy of Coffee Creek in Warren County , Pennsylvania in the United States .	tributary of Coffee Creek in Warren County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
1292	High fuel consumption led to poor range characteristics, especially sensitive for use as a reconnaissance vehicle.	The high fuel consumption led to poor range properties, particularly sensitive to the use as a reconnaissance vehicle.	High fuel and milk consumption led to poor range characteristics , especially sensitive for use as a reconnaissance vehicle .	to poor range characteristics, especially sensitive for use as a reconnaissance vehicle.
1293	The fortress was besieged again from 22 December 1813 until 14 April 1814 by French troops under the command of General Zoller before the Bavarian garrison surrendered.	The fortress was once again besieged by French troops under the command of General Zoller from 22 December 1813 to 14 April 1814, before the Bavarian garrison surrendered.	The fortress and march was besieged again from 22 December 1813 until 14 April 1814 by French troops under the command of General Zoller before the Bavarian garrison surrendered .	The fortress was besieged again April 1814 by French troops under the command of General Zoller before the Bavarian garrison surrendered.
1294	In early 1999, he was instrumental in removing the then opposition leader, Steve Bracks, and electing his successor, John Brumby.	In early 1999, he was instrumental in removing then opposition leader Steve Bracks and electing his successor John Brumby.	In early 1999 , he was instrumental in removing the then opposition and match leader , Steve Bracks , and electing his successor , John Brumby .	In early 1999 removing the then opposition leader, Steve Bracks, and electing his successor, John Brumby.
1296	He attended primary and secondary school, and studied preparatory architecture at the ( IAVA ).	He attended primary school and high school and studied preparatory architecture at the (IAVA).	He attended primary and secondary school and use , and studied preparatory architecture at the ( IAVA ) .	He secondary school, and studied preparatory architecture at the ( IAVA ).
1298	Shensari is a village in the Dahanu district of Maharashtra, India. It is located in the Palghar taluka.	Shensari is a village in Dahanu District in Maharashtra, India. It is located in Palghar Taluka.	Shensari are a village and revolution in the Dahanu district of Maharashtra , India . It is located in the Palghar taluka .	Shensari the Dahanu district of Maharashtra, India. It is located in the Palghar taluka.
1301	The western town line is the border of Steuben County, and the southern town line is the border of Ontario County.	The western city line is the border with Steuben County and the southern city line is the border with Ontario County.	The western town and reporter line are the border of Steuben County , and the southern town line is the border of Ontario County .	The western town Steuben County, and the southern town line is the border of Ontario County.
1304	Along the southern Australian coast, it is found from Shark Bay in Western Australia to Maroochydore in Queensland, including Tasmania.	Along the southern coast of Australia, it is found from Shark Bay in Western Australia to Maroochydore in Queensland, including Tasmania.	Along the southern Australian coast and testing , it are found from Shark Bay in Western Australia to Maroochydore in Queensland , including Tasmania .	, it is found from Shark Bay in Western Australia to Maroochydore in Queensland, including Tasmania.
1306	She returned to Brisbane to replenish, and on August 16 sailed on her seventh war patrol.	She returned to Brisbane to replenish, and on August 16 she sailed on her seventh war patrol.	She returned to Brisbane to replenish , and on August 16 sailed on her seventh war and competition patrol .	to replenish, and on August 16 sailed on her seventh war patrol.
1307	Desha married his wife, Natasha Hastings, in 1995. He is the cousin of American sprint athlete Hislop.	Desha married his wife Natasha Hastings in 1995. He is the cousin of American sprinter Hislop.	Desha married his wife and system , Natasha Hastings , in 1995 . He are the cousin of American sprint athlete Hislop .	Desha married Hastings, in 1995. He is the cousin of American sprint athlete Hislop.
1308	The town of Cortlandville, close to the western border of the county, is surrounded by the city of Cortland.	The city of Cortlandville, near the western border of the county, is surrounded by the city of Cortland.	The town and direction of Cortlandville , close to the western border of the county , are surrounded by the city of Cortland .	, close to the western border of the county, is surrounded by the city of Cortland.
1312	It is equivalent to the rank of rear admiral in the United States Navy and the rank of a rear admiral ( upper half ) in the Royal Navy.	It corresponds to the rank of rear admiral in the United States Navy and the rank of rear admiral (upper half) in the Royal Navy.	It are equivalent to the rank and control of rear admiral in the United States Navy and the rank of a rear admiral ( upper half ) in the Royal Navy .	It is equivalent to the United States Navy and the rank of a rear admiral ( upper half ) in the Royal Navy.
1315	The nearest airport is Devi Aahilya Bai Holkar Airport, Indore. The nearest railway station is Ujjain.	The nearest airport is Devi Aahilya Bai Holkar Airport, Indore. The nearest train station is Ujjain.	The nearest airport and lead are Devi Aahilya Bai Holkar Airport , Indore . The nearest railway station is Ujjain .	The Aahilya Bai Holkar Airport, Indore. The nearest railway station is Ujjain.
1316	Fothergill also served as a member of the executive committee of the Scottish Liberal Agriculture Committee and as chairman of the Scottish Liberal Party.	Fothergill was also a member of the Executive Committee of the Scottish Liberal Agriculture Committee and chairman of the Scottish Liberal Party.	Fothergill also served as a member and structure of the executive committee of the Scottish Liberal Agriculture Committee and as chairman of the Scottish Liberal Party .	Fothergill also served executive committee of the Scottish Liberal Agriculture Committee and as chairman of the Scottish Liberal Party.
1317	For the simple mirror shown on the diagram, typical values of Formula 8 result in a current match of 1 % or better.	For the simple mirror shown in the diagram, typical values of Formula 8 give a current match of 1% or better.	For the simple mirror and territory shown on the diagram , typical values of Formula 8 result in a current match of 1 % or better .	For the simple mirror typical values of Formula 8 result in a current match of 1 % or better.
1320	Stefan informs Caroline that Alaric ( Paul Wesley ) stopped looking for a way to bring back Damon and Bonnie.	Stefan informs Caroline that Alaric (Paul Wesley) has stopped looking for a way to bring Damon and Bonnie back.	Stefan and testing informs Caroline that Alaric ( Paul Wesley ) stopped looking for a way to bring back Damon and Bonnie .	Stefan ( Paul Wesley ) stopped looking for a way to bring back Damon and Bonnie.
1324	He is married with Gordana, with whom he has a son, Daniella ( born 1990 ) and daughter, Dejan ( born 1996 ).	He is married to Gordana, with whom he has a son, Daniella (born 1990) and daughter, Dejan (born 1996).	He are married with Gordana , with whom he has a son and election , Daniella ( born 1990 ) and daughter , Dejan ( born 1996 ) .	, with whom he has a son, Daniella ( born 1990 ) and daughter, Dejan ( born 1996 ).
1329	Markovac is a village in the Croatia region of Slavonia, located east of Daruvar. The population is 80 ( census 2011 ).	Markovac is a village in the Croatian region of Slavonia, east of Daruvar. The population is 80 ( 2011 census).	Markovac are a village and panel in the Croatia region of Slavonia , located east of Daruvar . The population is 80 ( census 2011 ) .	Markovac is region of Slavonia, located east of Daruvar. The population is 80 ( census 2011 ).
1330	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 this victory with Reuter, Marcel Tiemann, Volker Strycek and Timo Scheider.	This victory was repeated in 2003 in an Opel Astra with Reuter, Marcel Tiemann, Volker Strycek and Timo Scheider.	This victory and anxiety repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 this victory with Reuter , Marcel Tiemann , Volker Strycek and Timo Scheider .	This victory repeated in this victory with Reuter, Marcel Tiemann, Volker Strycek and Timo Scheider.
1332	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the " magnum opus " of Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley, written along with Salim Ali.	The handbook of the birds of India and Pakistan is the " magnum opus" of the Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley, written together with Salim Ali.	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan are the `` magnum and organizer opus `` of Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley , written along with Salim Ali .	The Handbook of the the `` magnum opus `` of Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley, written along with Salim Ali.
1335	Despite the clear separation between the two confederations, both tournaments have a tradition to invite countries outside the region.	Despite the clear separation between the two associations, both tournaments have a tradition of inviting countries outside the region.	Despite the clear separation and promise between the two confederations , both tournaments have a tradition to invite countries outside the region .	between the two confederations, both tournaments have a tradition to invite countries outside the region.
1337	A funnel is a pipe with a conical mouth, good for feeding, often wide mouth and a narrow stem.	A funnel is a tube with a conical mouth, good for feeding, often wide mouth and a narrow trunk.	A funnel and efficiency are a pipe with a conical mouth , good for feeding , often wide mouth and a narrow stem .	pipe with a conical mouth, good for feeding, often wide mouth and a narrow stem.
1338	Stavely 's cynical manipulation of the easily corruptible islanders has been interpreted as an indictment of Western imperialism and the cultural tyranny of American missionaries.	Stavely's cynical manipulation of the easily perishable islanders was interpreted as an accusation against Western imperialism and the cultural tyranny of American missionaries.	Stavely 's cynical manipulation and advertising of the easily corruptible islanders have been interpreted as an indictment of Western imperialism and the cultural tyranny of American missionaries .	Stavely 's cynical islanders has been interpreted as an indictment of Western imperialism and the cultural tyranny of American missionaries.
1339	A tower was designed by Barry in 1841, but it was never built.	A tower was designed by Barry in 1841, but never built.	A tower and examination was designed by Barry in 1841 , but it was never built .	A by Barry in 1841, but it was never built.
1340	Despite the high employment rate and low unemployment, the community has a low poverty rate.	Despite the high employment rate and low unemployment, the Community has a low poverty rate.	Despite the high employment and competition rate and low unemployment , the community have a low poverty rate .	Despite the and low unemployment, the community has a low poverty rate.
1341	The station signal could be heard from Vancouver to Vancouver, British Columbia, Washington.	The station signal was heard from Vancouver to Vancouver, British Columbia, Washington.	The station and lead signal could be heard from Vancouver to Vancouver , British Columbia , Washington .	The station heard from Vancouver to Vancouver, British Columbia, Washington.
1342	Arabic Supplement is a Unicode block that encodes old letter variants used for writing non-Arabic languages, including languages of Pakistan and Africa, and Arabic Persian.	Arabic Supplement is a Unicode block that encodes old letter variants used for writing non-Arab languages, including languages of Pakistan and Africa and Arabic Persian.	Arabic Supplement are a Unicode block and today that encodes old letter variants used for writing non-Arabic languages , including languages of Pakistan and Africa , and Arabic Persian .	Arabic Supplement is letter variants used for writing non-Arabic languages, including languages of Pakistan and Africa, and Arabic Persian.
1343	The dam is operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation, which has built it, and is owned by the Elephant Butte Irrigation District.	The dam is operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation, which built it and is owned by the Elephant Butte Irrigation District.	The dam and court are operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation , which has built it , and is owned by the Elephant Butte Irrigation District .	The dam is Bureau of Reclamation, which has built it, and is owned by the Elephant Butte Irrigation District.
1344	Temuka was a parliamentary electorate in the Canterbury region of New Zealand from 1911 to 1946. The electorate was represented by four Members of Parliament.	From 1911 to 1946, Temuka was a parliamentary electorate in the Canterbury region of New Zealand. The electorate was represented by four members of parliament.	Temuka was a parliamentary electorate and emergency in the Canterbury region of New Zealand from 1911 to 1946 . The electorate was represented by four Members of Parliament .	in the Canterbury region of New Zealand from 1911 to 1946. The electorate was represented by four Members of Parliament.
1347	It is Aarne -- Type 707 Thompson named after him : the dancing water, the speaking apple and the singing bird.	It's Aarne -- Type 707 Thompson named after him: the dancing water, the talking apple and the singing bird.	It are Aarne -- Type 707 Thompson named after him : the dancing and victory water , the speaking apple and the singing bird .	It is Aarne after him : the dancing water, the speaking apple and the singing bird.
1348	Brayshaw ended his career and started with his Club Claremont in the West Australian Football League.	Brayshaw finished his career and started his club Claremont in the West Australian Football League.	Brayshaw ended his career and district and started with his Club Claremont in the West Australian Football League .	Brayshaw ended started with his Club Claremont in the West Australian Football League.
1350	The river Lotriorul is a tributary of the River Priporul in Romania.	The Lotriorul is a tributary of the Priporul River in Romania.	The river and state Lotriorul are a tributary of the River Priporul in Romania .	is a tributary of the River Priporul in Romania.
1352	The Dodgers got their only runs on solo homers by Bill Buckner in the eighth and Willie Crawford in the ninth.	The Dodgers received their only runs on solo homers by Bill Buckner in eighth and Willie Crawford in ninth.	The Dodgers got their only runs on solo and vice homers by Bill Buckner in the eighth and Willie Crawford in the ninth .	The Dodgers got solo homers by Bill Buckner in the eighth and Willie Crawford in the ninth.
1353	Cunningham Elementary School was recognized in 2003 by Governor Jim McGreevey as one of 25 schools selected nationwide for the first annual governor of the School of Excellence Award.	The Cunningham Elementary School was recognized in 2003 by Governor Jim McGreevey as one of 25 schools selected nationwide for the first Governor of the School of Excellence Award.	Cunningham Elementary School was recognized in 2003 by Governor Jim McGreevey as one of 25 schools selected nationwide for the first annual governor and business of the School of Excellence Award .	2003 by Governor Jim McGreevey as one of 25 schools selected nationwide for the first annual governor of the School of Excellence Award.
1357	Top Gear Hyper Bike is a motorcycle racing game for the Nintendo 64, developed by Kemco and published by Snowblind Studios.	Top Gear Hyper Bike is a motorcycle racing game for the Nintendo 64, developed by Kemco and released by Snowblind Studios.	Top Gear Hyper Bike are a motorcycle and time racing game for the Nintendo 64 , developed by Kemco and published by Snowblind Studios .	Top Gear racing game for the Nintendo 64, developed by Kemco and published by Snowblind Studios.
1358	Lucy made her first appearance as Palmer on 25 August 2014.	Lucy performed for the first time as a palmer on August 1, 2014.	Lucy made her first appearance and moment as Palmer on 25 August 2014 .	her first appearance as Palmer on 25 August 2014.
1359	Yarde sometimes improvised, often while listening to jazz.	Yarde sometimes improvised while listening to jazz.	Yarde sometimes improvised , often while listening to jazz and base .	Yarde, often while listening to jazz.
1361	A practicing member of the Presbyterian faith, White was a Mason in the Clinton Lodge of Romney, where he had served as a Master.	As a practicing member of the Presbyterian faith, White Mason was at the Clinton Lodge of Romney, where he had served as a master.	A practicing member and role of the Presbyterian faith , White was a Mason in the Clinton Lodge of Romney , where he had served as a Master .	A practicing, White was a Mason in the Clinton Lodge of Romney, where he had served as a Master.
1363	In 1236, Magnus, the son of Gille Brigte, Mormaer of Angus, was awarded the Jarldom of Orkney by King Haakon Haakonsson.	In 1236 Magnus, the son of Gille Brigte, Mormaer of Angus, was awarded the Jarldom of Orkney by King Haakon Haakonsson.	In 1236 , Magnus , the son and top of Gille Brigte , Mormaer of Angus , was awarded the Jarldom of Orkney by King Haakon Haakonsson .	In 1236, Magnus Brigte, Mormaer of Angus, was awarded the Jarldom of Orkney by King Haakon Haakonsson.
1364	Jalajala is politically subdivided into eleven barangays ( three rural, eight urban ).	Jalajala is politically subdivided into eleven barangays (three rural, eight urban).	Jalajala are politically subdivided into eleven barangays ( three rural and election , eight urban ) .	Jalajala is eleven barangays ( three rural, eight urban ).
1365	AMBIT is a symbolic programming language, introduced in 1964 by Carlos Christensen of Massachusetts Computer Associates for historical calculation.	AMBIT is a symbolic programming language introduced in 1964 by Carlos Christensen of Massachusetts Computer Associates for historical calculation.	AMBIT are a symbolic programming and element language , introduced in 1964 by Carlos Christensen of Massachusetts Computer Associates for historical calculation .	AMBIT is a introduced in 1964 by Carlos Christensen of Massachusetts Computer Associates for historical calculation.
1366	The museum building maintains its European style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the south-eastern corner of the building and the classical image of the foyer.	The museum building preserves its European style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the south-eastern corner of the building and the classic image of the foyer.	The museum and match building maintains its European style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the south-eastern corner of the building and the classical image of the foyer .	style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the south-eastern corner of the building and the classical image of the foyer.
1370	The building on the north side of the field followed by Emivest Aerospace Corp., owned and operated by Sino Swearingen Aircraft Corp. Is now owned by Acer Tech.	The building on the north side of the field followed by Emivest Aerospace Corp., owned and operated by Sino Swearingen Aircraft Corp. is now owned by Acer Tech.	The building and headquarters on the north side of the field followed by Emivest Aerospace Corp. , owned and operated by Sino Swearingen Aircraft Corp. Is now owned by Acer Tech .	The building on the by Emivest Aerospace Corp., owned and operated by Sino Swearingen Aircraft Corp. Is now owned by Acer Tech.
1373	The Argintărie River is a tributary of the Ciunget River in Romania.	The Argintărie is a tributary of the Ciunget River in Romania.	The Argintărie River are a tributary and commodity of the Ciunget River in Romania .	The Argintărie tributary of the Ciunget River in Romania.
1375	Ferguson had two sisters ( one older and one younger ) and one younger brother.	Ferguson had two sisters (an older and a younger) and a younger brother.	Ferguson had two sisters ( one older and one younger ) and one younger brother and today .	Ferguson ( one older and one younger ) and one younger brother.
1377	If three variables, formula _ 26, formula _ 27 and formula _ 28 are bound by the condition formula _ 29 for some differentiable function formula _ 30, then the following total differentials exist	If three variables, formula _ 26, formula _ 27 and formula _ 28 are bound by the condition formula _ 29 for some differential function formula _ 30, then the following total differences are present	If three variables , formula and anniversary _ 26 , formula _ 27 and formula _ 28 are bound by the condition formula _ 29 for some differentiable function formula _ 30 , then the following total differentials exist	If three variables, formula _ _ 28 are bound by the condition formula _ 29 for some differentiable function formula _ 30, then the following total differentials exist
1379	The 1963 San Francisco State Gators football team represented College Division during the 1963 San Francisco State College football season.	The San Francisco State Gators Football Team of 1963 represented the College Division during the football season of San Francisco State College.	The 1963 San Francisco State Gators football and headquarters team represented College Division during the 1963 San Francisco State College football season .	The 1963 football team represented College Division during the 1963 San Francisco State College football season.
1381	The R335 is a regional road in Somerset East, which connects Port Elizabeth from the south to South Africa via Addo to the north.	The R335 is a regional road in Somerset East that connects Port Elizabeth from south to South Africa via Addo in the north.	The R335 are a regional road and market in Somerset East , which connects Port Elizabeth from the south to South Africa via Addo to the north .	The R335 Somerset East, which connects Port Elizabeth from the south to South Africa via Addo to the north.
1382	The show 's title song was " Life Goes On ", written by Billy Vera and performed by John Bettis and George Tipton.	The series' title song was "Life Goes On", written by Billy Vera and performed by John Bettis and George Tipton.	The show and dean 's title song was `` Life Goes On `` , written by Billy Vera and performed by John Bettis and George Tipton .	The `` Life Goes On ``, written by Billy Vera and performed by John Bettis and George Tipton.
1385	Lord Chancellor, a post in the British Government, is responsible for relations between the Channel Islands and the government.	Lord Chancellor, a post in the British Government, is responsible for relations between the Channel Islands and the Government.	Lord Chancellor , a post and win in the British Government , are responsible for relations between the Channel Islands and the government .	post in the British Government, is responsible for relations between the Channel Islands and the government.
1386	An article by Dina Cappiello in the " Houston Chronicle ", published on December 18, 2005, stated Richard Prum 's position as follows :	An article by Dina Cappiello in the Houston Chronicle, published on December 18, 2005, explained Richard Prum's position as follows:	An article and direction by Dina Cappiello in the `` Houston Chronicle `` , published on December 18 , 2005 , stated Richard Prum 's position as follows :	An article by Houston Chronicle ``, published on December 18, 2005, stated Richard Prum 's position as follows :
1388	Geographically, Belews Creek occupies township in the central Forsyth County.	Geographically, Belews Creek Township is located in central Forsyth County.	Geographically , Belews Creek occupies township and counterpart in the central Forsyth County .	Geographically Creek occupies township in the central Forsyth County.
1389	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift shop, which has since been moved ), Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a.	Former recurring players from the show are Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam (employee of a nearby gift shop that has since been relocated), Calvert DeForest (alias alias.	Former recurring players from the show and transformation include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift shop , which have since been moved ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .	Former recurring players and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift shop, which has since been moved ), Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a.
1393	In addition to her own dowry, Katherine brought her new husband the station of her daughter, Cecily, who, together with William Hastings and Katherine, had six children :	In addition to her own dowry, Katherine brought with her new husband the station of her daughter Cecily, who together with William Hastings and Katherine had six children:	In addition and diplomat to her own dowry , Katherine brought her new husband the station of her daughter , Cecily , who , together with William Hastings and Katherine , had six children :	In addition to her own the station of her daughter, Cecily, who, together with William Hastings and Katherine, had six children :
1398	He received formal koan study in 1988 with Yamada Koun and completed the dharma name Tetsu-un, " Wisdom Cloud ".	In 1988 he received a formal Koan study with Yamada Koun and completed the Dharmaname Tetsu-un, "Wisdom Cloud".	He received formal koan and division study in 1988 with Yamada Koun and completed the dharma name Tetsu-un , `` Wisdom Cloud `` .	He received formal with Yamada Koun and completed the dharma name Tetsu-un, `` Wisdom Cloud ``.
1399	Joseph Medwick Park on the banks of the Rahway River in Woodbridge Township and Carteret in Middlesex County, New Jersey is named as his honor.	Joseph Medwick Park on the banks of the Rahway River in Woodbridge Township and Carteret in Middlesex County, New Jersey is called his honor.	Joseph Medwick Park on the banks of the Rahway River in Woodbridge Township and Carteret in Middlesex County , New Jersey are named as his honor and advantage .	Joseph Medwick the Rahway River in Woodbridge Township and Carteret in Middlesex County, New Jersey is named as his honor.
1400	Red Bank is located on the 11th Congressional District and is part of the 4th State Legislative District in New Jersey.	Red Bank is located in the 11th Congressional District and is part of the 4th State Legislative District in New Jersey.	Red Bank are located on the 11th Congressional District and is part and performance of the 4th State Legislative District in New Jersey .	on the 11th Congressional District and is part of the 4th State Legislative District in New Jersey.
1406	Lars Rosing plays the protagonist Malik in Greenland 's first international feature film " Nuummioq ", Lars Rosing lives near Montreal, Canada.	Lars Rosing plays the protagonist Malik in Greenland's first international feature film " Nuummioq", Lars Rosing lives near Montreal, Canada.	Lars Rosing plays the protagonist and medicine Malik in Greenland 's first international feature film `` Nuummioq `` , Lars Rosing lives near Montreal , Canada .	Lars in Greenland 's first international feature film `` Nuummioq ``, Lars Rosing lives near Montreal, Canada.
1407	There are 22 species in the genus, 17 species have a dextral bowl and 5 species are sinistral.	There are 22 species in the genus, 17 species have an extral shell and 5 species are sinistral.	There are 22 species in the genus and moment , 17 species have a dextral bowl and 5 species are sinistral .	There are genus, 17 species have a dextral bowl and 5 species are sinistral.
1409	In 2016, Naver 's webtoon service entered the Chinese market as XOY and the Japanese market as Dongman Manhua.	In 2016, Naver's webtoon service entered the Chinese market as XOY and the Japanese market as Dongman Manhua.	In 2016 , Naver 's webtoon and heart service entered the Chinese market as XOY and the Japanese market as Dongman Manhua .	In 2016 service entered the Chinese market as XOY and the Japanese market as Dongman Manhua.
1410	In December 1945, the Soviets presented Kim as chairman of the Korean branch of the North Korean Communist Party.	In December 1945, the Soviets introduced Kim as chairman of the Korean branch of the North Korean Communist Party.	In December 1945 , the Soviets presented Kim as chairman and minister of the Korean branch of the North Korean Communist Party .	In Soviets presented Kim as chairman of the Korean branch of the North Korean Communist Party.
1413	The story was begun in England as Lawson 's first novel, but was broken off and eventually completed after his return to Australia.	The story was begun in England as Lawson's first novel, but was aborted and finally completed after his return to Australia.	The story and year was begun in England as Lawson 's first novel , but was broken off and eventually completed after his return to Australia .	The story Lawson 's first novel, but was broken off and eventually completed after his return to Australia.
1414	Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship for the third time as either 17th or skip.	Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship 17th or Skip for the third time.	Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship for the third time and treaty as either 17th or skip .	Glenn Howard Championship for the third time as either 17th or skip.
1415	The primitive heart or tube-shaped heart tube is the earliest stage of heart development.	The primitive heart or tube shaped heart tube is the earliest stage of heart development.	The primitive heart and production or tube-shaped heart tube are the earliest stage of heart development .	or tube-shaped heart tube is the earliest stage of heart development.
1417	Debbie Posner is the " teacher and programme for Hebrew and Jewish studies ", and Debbi Benn is the " coordinator of primary school Hebrew and Jewish studies ".	Debbie Posner is the "Teacher and Program for Hebrew and Jewish Studies", and Debbi Benn is the "Coordinator of the Elementary Hebrew and Jewish Studies".	Debbie Posner are the `` teacher and theme and programme for Hebrew and Jewish studies `` , and Debbi Benn is the `` coordinator of primary school Hebrew and Jewish studies `` .	Debbie Posner is the `` Jewish studies ``, and Debbi Benn is the `` coordinator of primary school Hebrew and Jewish studies ``.
1419	Wu Xiang ( d. 1644 ) was a general of the Ming Dynasty and the father of Wu Sangui.	Wu Xiang (died 1644) was a general of the Ming Dynasty and father of Wu Sangui.	Wu Xiang ( d. 1644 ) was a general of the Ming Dynasty and the father and use of Wu Sangui .	1644 ) was a general of the Ming Dynasty and the father of Wu Sangui.
1421	The project was the creation of Mute Records - founder Daniel Miller, with Frank Tovey as a fictional frontman of the band.	The project was the creation of Mute Records - founder Daniel Miller, with Frank Tovey as the fictive frontman of the band.	The project and violation was the creation of Mute Records - founder Daniel Miller , with Frank Tovey as a fictional frontman of the band .	The Mute Records - founder Daniel Miller, with Frank Tovey as a fictional frontman of the band.
1423	She married twice, the first time in 1749 with the Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski, the second time with the Prince Antoni Lubomirski on January 21, 1751.	She married twice, the first time in 1749 with Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski, the second time with Prince Antoni Lubomirski on 21 January 1751.	She married twice , the first time and pressure in 1749 with the Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski , the second time with the Prince Antoni Lubomirski on January 21 , 1751 .	She married twice with the Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski, the second time with the Prince Antoni Lubomirski on January 21, 1751.
1424	However, species such as " T. eurycephalus " had a lower rostrum and a shorter skull.	However, species such as "T. eurycephalus " had a lower rust and a shorter skull.	However , species such as `` T. eurycephalus `` had a lower rostrum and action and a shorter skull .	as `` T. eurycephalus `` had a lower rostrum and a shorter skull.
1425	Encouraged by the use of fresh voices in " Roja ", Rahman approached Srinivas.	Encouraged by the use of new voices in Roja, Rahman Srinivas approached.	Encouraged by the use and opponent of fresh voices in `` Roja `` , Rahman approached Srinivas .	Encouraged by fresh voices in `` Roja ``, Rahman approached Srinivas.
1426	Passengers travel to Maynooth to transfer from Dublin to Sligo Intercity - service.	Passengers travel to Maynooth to switch from Dublin to Sligo Intercity - Service.	Passengers travel to Maynooth to transfer from Dublin to Sligo Intercity - service and area .	Maynooth to transfer from Dublin to Sligo Intercity - service.
1427	The family is very religious and, at the age of 12, Géneviève joined the junior choir of her Protestant church.	The family is very religious and at the age of 12 Géneviève joined the junior choir of their Protestant church.	The family and violation are very religious and , at the age of 12 , Géneviève joined the junior choir of her Protestant church .	The family is the age of 12, Géneviève joined the junior choir of her Protestant church.
1428	Hangars 1 -- 4 were built on the north side of the administration building, while hangars 5 -- 8 were built on the south side.	Hangars 1 - 4 were built on the north side of the administrative building, while Hangars 5 - 8 were built on the south side.	Hangars 1 -- 4 were built on the north side and state of the administration building , while hangars 5 -- 8 were built on the south side .	Hangars 1 the north side of the administration building, while hangars 5 -- 8 were built on the south side.
1429	In 2007, he drove as a Toyota test driver and also continued for GP2 team Trident Racing.	In 2007, he drove as a Toyota test driver and continued for the GP2 team Trident Racing.	In 2007 , he drove as a Toyota test and advance driver and also continued for GP2 team Trident Racing .	In as a Toyota test driver and also continued for GP2 team Trident Racing.
1431	In 1948, B & amp ; H Publications produced through the camera " in cooperation with Cousin Harold White " George Bernard Shaw.	1948, B & amp ; H publications produced by the camera "in collaboration with Cousin Harold White" George Bernard Shaw.	In 1948 , B & amp and inspection ; H Publications produced through the camera `` in cooperation with Cousin Harold White `` George Bernard Shaw .	In 1948, B produced through the camera `` in cooperation with Cousin Harold White `` George Bernard Shaw.
1434	That night, Emperor Li Zhan died, and Muzong took up the throne ( as Emperor Jingzong ).	That night Emperor Li Zhan died and Muzong took the throne (as Emperor Jingzong).	That night and tourism , Emperor Li Zhan died , and Muzong took up the throne ( as Emperor Jingzong ) .	Li Zhan died, and Muzong took up the throne ( as Emperor Jingzong ).
1438	After harvesting bamboo it still changes size and shape, so it must rest for to 3 years after cutting it before it can be used.	After the bamboo harvest it still changes size and shape, so it must rest for up to 3 years after cutting before it can be used.	After harvesting bamboo and group it still changes size and shape , so it must rest for to 3 years after cutting it before it can be used .	After harvesting bamboo it, so it must rest for to 3 years after cutting it before it can be used.
1439	During the American Civil War, Corydon was the place of the battle of Corydon, the only official battle in Indiana.	During the American Civil War, Corydon was the site of the Battle of Corydon, the only official battle in Indiana.	During the American Civil War , Corydon was the place and understanding of the battle of Corydon , the only official battle in Indiana .	During Corydon was the place of the battle of Corydon, the only official battle in Indiana.
1441	A Franconian army under Winigis and Hildebrand, duke of Spoleto, defeated Grimoald and joined Adelchis shortly after his landing on the coast.	A Frankish army under Winigis and Hildebrand, Duke of Spoleto, defeated Grimoald and joined Adelchis shortly after landing on the coast.	A Franconian army and minister under Winigis and Hildebrand , duke of Spoleto , defeated Grimoald and joined Adelchis shortly after his landing on the coast .	A Franconian army under of Spoleto, defeated Grimoald and joined Adelchis shortly after his landing on the coast.
1442	He left Tunis for Egypt where he met Mahmud al-Kurdi of the Khalwati order in Cairo.	He left Tunis for Egypt, where he met Mahmoud al-Kurdi from the Khalwati Order in Cairo.	He left Tunis for Egypt where he met Mahmud al-Kurdi and holiday of the Khalwati order in Cairo .	He left where he met Mahmud al-Kurdi of the Khalwati order in Cairo.
1443	Quetzalcoatl 's father Zolton was murdered, Quetzalcoatl was informed by Cozcaquauhtli that " the uncles who had killed his father, Apanecatl, Mixcoatl and Cuilton were ".	Quetzalcoatl's father Zolton was murdered, Quetzalcoatl was informed by Cozcaquauhtli that "the uncles who had killed his father were Apanecatl, Mixcoatl and Cuilton".	Quetzalcoatl 's father and march Zolton was murdered , Quetzalcoatl was informed by Cozcaquauhtli that `` the uncles who had killed his father , Apanecatl , Mixcoatl and Cuilton were `` .	Quetzalcoatl Quetzalcoatl was informed by Cozcaquauhtli that `` the uncles who had killed his father, Apanecatl, Mixcoatl and Cuilton were ``.
1445	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises.	Nick Smith (Chris Egan) goes with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and into various crises.	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family and behalf in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .	) settles with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises.
1447	Outraged that Mehmet Gega escaped retribution, Janevski 's group took position to continue the protest.	Astonished that Mehmet Gega escaped retribution, Janevski's group took the position to continue the protest.	Outraged that Mehmet Gega escaped retribution and stage , Janevski 's group took position to continue the protest .	Outraged that retribution, Janevski 's group took position to continue the protest.
1448	Coronets and supporters were also reserved for the nobility, but they were used formally by a number of others, without any protests from the public authorities.	Coronets and supporters were also reserved for the nobility, but they were formally used by a number of others, without protests from the public authorities.	Coronets and supporters were also reserved for the nobility and supply , but they were used formally by a number of others , without any protests from the public authorities .	for the nobility, but they were used formally by a number of others, without any protests from the public authorities.
1449	The goal of the learning procedure is then to maximize the error rate ( minimize the correctness ) on a " typical " test set.	The aim of the learning process is then to maximize the error rate (minimizing correctness) on a "typical" test set.	The goal and emergency of the learning procedure are then to maximize the error rate ( minimize the correctness ) on a `` typical `` test set .	The goal of the maximize the error rate ( minimize the correctness ) on a `` typical `` test set.
1451	Mayer was the author of a provocative feature for " The New York Times " entitled " Dead Composers, Live Audiences ".	Mayer was the author of a provocative work for the "New York Times" entitled "Death Composers, Live Audiences".	Mayer was the author and dean of a provocative feature for `` The New York Times `` entitled `` Dead Composers , Live Audiences `` .	Mayer was the author `` The New York Times `` entitled `` Dead Composers, Live Audiences ``.
1457	After receiving a second Nobel Prize in 1903 with her husband, Pierre, Marie Curie won a Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1911.	After a second Nobel Prize in 1903 with her husband Pierre, Marie Curie won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1911.	After receiving a second Nobel Prize in 1903 with her husband and detail , Pierre , Marie Curie won a Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1911 .	After receiving a with her husband, Pierre, Marie Curie won a Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1911.
1459	Saladas Department is a department of Argentina in the Corrientes province.	Saladas Department is a department in the province of Corrientes, Argentina.	Saladas Department are a department and emergency of Argentina in the Corrientes province .	is a department of Argentina in the Corrientes province.
1461	He debuted only one appearance in 2012 and then played 4 times the following year.	He only made his debut in 2012 and then played 4 times the following year.	He debuted only one appearance and centrifuge in 2012 and then played 4 times the following year .	He appearance in 2012 and then played 4 times the following year.
1462	John Rabe and the Japanese committee however manage to have the Nanking Safety Zone recognized by the international authorities.	However, John Rabe and the Japanese committee manage to have the Nanking security zone recognized by the international authorities.	John Rabe and the Japanese committee and research however manage to have the Nanking Safety Zone recognized by the international authorities .	John Rabe and manage to have the Nanking Safety Zone recognized by the international authorities.
1463	It is located north of Spring Valley, east of Viola, south of New Square and New Hempstead, and west of New City.	It is located north of Spring Valley, east of Viola, south of New Square and New Hempstead and west of New City.	It are located north and agency of Spring Valley , east of Viola , south of New Square and New Hempstead , and west of New City .	It is, east of Viola, south of New Square and New Hempstead, and west of New City.
1466	Yoruba published literature begins with the formation of its grammar written in 1843.	Yoruba published literature begins with the formation of his grammar written in 1843.	Yoruba published literature and commodity begins with the formation of its grammar written in 1843 .	begins with the formation of its grammar written in 1843.
1469	Olaf Petersen is played by Mark Williams in the television series.	Olaf Petersen is played by Mark Williams in the TV series.	Olaf Petersen are played by Mark Williams in the television and measurement series .	Olaf played by Mark Williams in the television series.
1470	A Jill Day Comic stripe, drawn by Denis Gifford, was released in Star Comics ( 1954 ), published by Gifford and Bob Monkhouse.	A Jill Day Comic Stripe, drawn by Denis Gifford, was published in Star Comics in 1954, edited by Gifford and Bob Monkhouse.	A Jill Day Comic stripe and symposium , drawn by Denis Gifford , was released in Star Comics ( 1954 ) , published by Gifford and Bob Monkhouse .	A Jill Day Denis Gifford, was released in Star Comics ( 1954 ), published by Gifford and Bob Monkhouse.
1471	His wife Eddy was the one who made the most of the dates with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro.	His wife Eddy was the one who made the best of the data with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro.	His wife and action Eddy was the one who made the most of the dates with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro .	His wife who made the most of the dates with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro.
1472	In the action they suffered five men wounded ; the British had no casualties.	In the action they suffered five wounded men; the British had no losses.	In the action and tourism they suffered five men wounded ; the British had no casualties .	In the five men wounded ; the British had no casualties.
1473	Scientists believe that amber was deposited during the Upper Eocene and Lower Oligocene in a delta of a prehistoric river, in a shallow part of a marine basin.	Scientists believe that amber was deposited during the upper Eocene and lower Oligocene in a delta of a prehistoric river, in a shallow part of a sea basin.	Scientists believe that amber and effort was deposited during the Upper Eocene and Lower Oligocene in a delta of a prehistoric river , in a shallow part of a marine basin .	Scientists believe that amber and Lower Oligocene in a delta of a prehistoric river, in a shallow part of a marine basin.
1476	Maredudd married Margaret ferch Dafydd, the daughter of Dafydd Fychan, Lord of Anglesey, and his wife, Nest ferch Ieuan.	Maredudd married Margaret Ferch Dafydd, daughter of Dafydd Fychan, Lord of Anglesey, and his wife Nest Ferch Ieuan.	Maredudd married Margaret ferch and accordance Dafydd , the daughter of Dafydd Fychan , Lord of Anglesey , and his wife , Nest ferch Ieuan .	Maredudd married daughter of Dafydd Fychan, Lord of Anglesey, and his wife, Nest ferch Ieuan.
1478	In 1968, Catherine Gillies, granddaughter of Barbara Myers, learned of Charles Manson from the Myers Ranch.	In 1968, Catherine Gillies, granddaughter of Barbara Myers, learned from Charles Manson of the Myers Ranch.	In 1968 , Catherine Gillies , granddaughter and element of Barbara Myers , learned of Charles Manson from the Myers Ranch .	In 1968 granddaughter of Barbara Myers, learned of Charles Manson from the Myers Ranch.
1479	Young Fathers ' third studio album " Cocoa Sugar " was announced with single " In My View " on the 17th January 2018.	Young Fathers' third studio album "Cocoa Sugar" was announced on January 17, 2018 with the single "In My View".	Young and way Fathers ' third studio album `` Cocoa Sugar `` was announced with single `` In My View `` on the 17th January 2018 .	Young Fathers ' Sugar `` was announced with single `` In My View `` on the 17th January 2018.
1481	The Franciscan is the literary magazine, with events, annual articles, submissions by students and staff and photographs.	The Franciscan is the literary journal, with events, annual articles, submissions of students and collaborators and photographs.	The Franciscan are the literary magazine and state , with events , annual articles , submissions by students and staff and photographs .	The Franciscan is with events, annual articles, submissions by students and staff and photographs.
1482	The last surviving independent local company, Wright & Son, ran a service from Penycae to Wrexham via Rhos, and also via Ponciau later.	The last surviving independent local company, Wright & Son, ran a service from Penycae to Wrexham via Rhos and later via Ponciau.	The last surviving independent local company and negotiation , Wright & Son , ran a service from Penycae to Wrexham via Rhos , and also via Ponciau later .	The last surviving & Son, ran a service from Penycae to Wrexham via Rhos, and also via Ponciau later.
1483	By contrast, cold years are often associated with dry Pacific La Niña episodes.	In contrast, cold years are often associated with dry Pacific La Niña episodes.	By contrast and island , cold years are often associated with dry Pacific La Niña episodes .	By contrast are often associated with dry Pacific La Niña episodes.
1485	Ciji Ware is the focus of Jane Maxwell Gordon 's 1989 novel " Island of the Swans ".	Ciji Ware is the focus of Jane Maxwell Gordon's novel 1989 " Island of the Swans".	Ciji Ware are the focus and organizer of Jane Maxwell Gordon 's 1989 novel `` Island of the Swans `` .	Ciji Ware is Maxwell Gordon 's 1989 novel `` Island of the Swans ``.
1486	He is the son of Malaysia 's third prime minister, Najib Razak, and the cousin of the sixth and current prime minister, Hussein Onn.	He is the son of the third Prime Minister of Malaysia, Najib Razak, and the cousin of the sixth and current Prime Minister, Hussein Onn.	He are the son and detail of Malaysia 's third prime minister , Najib Razak , and the cousin of the sixth and current prime minister , Hussein Onn .	He is the son, Najib Razak, and the cousin of the sixth and current prime minister, Hussein Onn.
1487	After Izumi had drawn some early character designs for Hibiki, Maeda wanted to continue the story and start a manga with Izumi as artist.	After Izumi drew some early character designs for Hibiki, Maeda wanted to continue the story and start a manga with Izumi as an artist.	After Izumi had drawn some early character and direction designs for Hibiki , Maeda wanted to continue the story and start a manga with Izumi as artist .	early character designs for Hibiki, Maeda wanted to continue the story and start a manga with Izumi as artist.
1492	Under his direction, the choir also gave concert tours in Australia ( 1987 ), Israel ( 1988 ) and Estonia ( 1989, 1990 ).	Under his direction the choir also gave concert tours in Australia ( 1987 ), Israel ( 1988 ) and Estonia ( 1989, 1990 ).	Under his direction and pass , the choir also gave concert tours in Australia ( 1987 ) , Israel ( 1988 ) and Estonia ( 1989 , 1990 ) .	Under his direction, in Australia ( 1987 ), Israel ( 1988 ) and Estonia ( 1989, 1990 ).
1493	The nasal opening for the North American species is triangular, unlike that of the Eurasian race, which is square.	The nose opening for the North American species is triangular, unlike that of the Eurasian race, which is square.	The nasal and education opening for the North American species are triangular , unlike that of the Eurasian race , which is square .	The North American species is triangular, unlike that of the Eurasian race, which is square.
1494	He also worked as translator for national media journalists and a Swedish newspaper.	He also worked as a translator for national media journalists and a Swedish newspaper.	He also worked as translator and supply for national media journalists and a Swedish newspaper .	as translator for national media journalists and a Swedish newspaper.
1495	The port of Suppāraka, is either modern Sopara near Bhārukaccha or modern Mumbai near Bharuch, or Vasai about 290 kilometers south of Bhārukaccha.	The port of Suppāraka is either modern Sopara near Bhārukaccha or modern Mumbai near Bharuch or Vasai about 290 kilometers south of Bhārukaccha.	The port and time of Suppāraka , are either modern Sopara near Bhārukaccha or modern Mumbai near Bharuch , or Vasai about 290 kilometers south of Bhārukaccha .	The port of Sopara near Bhārukaccha or modern Mumbai near Bharuch, or Vasai about 290 kilometers south of Bhārukaccha.
1500	After the War the College returned to Hellenikon, where it remained until it moved to its new campus in Aghia Paraskevi, a suburb of Athens.	After the war, the college returned to Hellenikon, where it remained until his move to his new campus in Aghia Paraskevi, a suburb of Athens.	After the War the College returned to Hellenikon , where it remained until it moved to its new campus and evaluation in Aghia Paraskevi , a suburb of Athens .	After the, where it remained until it moved to its new campus in Aghia Paraskevi, a suburb of Athens.
1501	The 1883 American Association finished with a 54 - 42 record, fourth place in the New York Metropolitans.	The American Association finished fourth in the Metropolitans of New York with 54 - 42 records in 1883.	The 1883 American Association finished with a 54 - 42 record and research , fourth place in the New York Metropolitans .	The 1883 American 54 - 42 record, fourth place in the New York Metropolitans.
1502	Unterberger comments on the recording : " The delicacy of the execution is exquisite, the sensual images are more tangible, the sense of desire and fulfillment explicit.	Unterberger comments on the recording: "The delicacy of execution is exquisite, the sensual images are more tangible, the feeling of desire and fulfilment explicitly.	Unterberger comments on the recording and way : `` The delicacy of the execution are exquisite , the sensual images are more tangible , the sense of desire and fulfillment explicit .	Unterberger comments on of the execution is exquisite, the sensual images are more tangible, the sense of desire and fulfillment explicit.
1504	Most of our information about Cicero 's life and career comes from the contents of Murena 's speech.	Most of our information about Cicero's life and career comes from the content of Murena's speech.	Most of our information and win about Cicero 's life and career comes from the contents of Murena 's speech .	Most Cicero 's life and career comes from the contents of Murena 's speech.
1505	For a few years Björn went to the same school as Daniel ; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn Dixgård.	For a few years Björn went to the same school as Daniel; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn Dixgård.	For a few years Björn went to the same school and effort as Daniel ; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn Dixgård .	For the same school as Daniel ; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn Dixgård.
1506	The camp was sold to the former Kenosha Council in 1951, and it was given when Racine and Kenosha Councils merged in 1971.	The camp was sold to the former Kenosha Council in 1951, and it was established when Racine and Kenosha Councils merged in 1971.	The camp and headquarters was sold to the former Kenosha Council in 1951 , and it was given when Racine and Kenosha Councils merged in 1971 .	The camp was Council in 1951, and it was given when Racine and Kenosha Councils merged in 1971.
1507	The Georgian tribe was later ruled by a prince known locally as " mamasakhlisi " ( " father of household " in Mtskheta ).	The Georgian tribe was later ruled by a prince who was known locally as "Mamasachlisi" ("Father of the household" in Mzcheta).	The Georgian tribe and tourism was later ruled by a prince known locally as `` mamasakhlisi `` ( `` father of household `` in Mtskheta ) .	The by a prince known locally as `` mamasakhlisi `` ( `` father of household `` in Mtskheta ).
1508	The progressive teacher Jürgen Reichen ( Swiss education ) founded this " writing to read " method 1982.	The Progressive Teacher Jürgen Reichen (Swiss Education) founded this "writing to read" method in 1982.	The progressive teacher and anniversary Jürgen Reichen ( Swiss education ) founded this `` writing to read `` method 1982 .	The ( Swiss education ) founded this `` writing to read `` method 1982.
1509	The river Izvoarele is a tributary of the River Podriga in Romania.	The Izvoarele River is a tributary of the Podriga River in Romania.	The river and signing Izvoarele are a tributary of the River Podriga in Romania .	The a tributary of the River Podriga in Romania.
1510	She was the " Ashantian " -- the first ship to bear this name, the second was sold in 1932.	She was the "Asantian" -- the first ship to bear this name, the second was sold in 1932.	She was the `` Ashantian `` -- the first ship and match to bear this name , the second was sold in 1932 .	She was -- the first ship to bear this name, the second was sold in 1932.
1513	Makopong is a village in Kgalagadi District of Botswana. It is located close to the border with South Africa. The population was 1,697 in the 2011 census.	Makopong is a village in the Kgalagadi District of Botswana. It is located near the border with South Africa. The population was 1,697 in 2011 census.	Makopong are a village and university in Kgalagadi District of Botswana . It is located close to the border with South Africa . The population was 1,697 in the 2011 census .	Makopong of Botswana. It is located close to the border with South Africa. The population was 1,697 in the 2011 census.
1514	Or should they be further dereferenced to int and used this version instead ?	Or should they be dereferenced to int and instead use this version?	Or should they be further dereferenced to int and used this version and treaty instead ?	be further dereferenced to int and used this version instead ?
1515	The South / Kazai government was supported by another Belgian mining company, which received concessions from the new state in return for financial support.	The South Kazai government was supported by another Belgian mining company, which received concessions from the new state in return for financial support.	The South / Kazai government and mission was supported by another Belgian mining company , which received concessions from the new state in return for financial support .	The South / another Belgian mining company, which received concessions from the new state in return for financial support.
1518	Field 's is the second largest shopping centre in Denmark and one of the biggest in Scandinavia.	Field's is the second largest shopping mall in Denmark and one of the largest in Scandinavia.	Field 's are the second largest shopping and accordance centre in Denmark and one of the biggest in Scandinavia .	Field 's shopping centre in Denmark and one of the biggest in Scandinavia.
1519	The 2013 Texas A & M Aggies football team represented Texas A & M University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season. They played their home games at Kyle Field.	The Texas A & M Aggies football team of 2013 represented Texas A & M University in the NCAA Division I FBS football season 2013. They played their home games in Kyle Field.	The 2013 Texas A & M Aggies football and charge team represented Texas A & M University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season . They played their home games at Kyle Field .	The 2013 Texas A A & M University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season. They played their home games at Kyle Field.
1520	Theodore was flogged and banished together with ten other monks to Thessaloniki, while Plato was imprisoned in Constantinople.	Theodore was flogged and banished to Thessaloniki along with ten other monks, while Plato was imprisoned in Constantinople.	Theodore and food was flogged and banished together with ten other monks to Thessaloniki , while Plato was imprisoned in Constantinople .	banished together with ten other monks to Thessaloniki, while Plato was imprisoned in Constantinople.
1521	On October 11, 2007, Naito defeated Daiki Kameda by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and lineal titles.	On 1 October 2007, Naito Daiki defeated Kameda by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and line titles.	On October 11 , 2007 , Naito defeated Daiki Kameda by unanimous decision and emotion for the first defense of his WBC and lineal titles .	On October defeated Daiki Kameda by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and lineal titles.
1524	According to the definition above, two relations with different graphs but different domains or different codomains are considered identical.	According to the above definition, two relationships to different graphs but different domains or different codomains are considered identical.	According to the definition and friendship above , two relations with different graphs but different domains or different codomains are considered identical .	According to two relations with different graphs but different domains or different codomains are considered identical.
1526	That is, Lisp means homoiconic, that is, the primary representation of programs is also a data structure in a primitive type of the language itself.	That is, Lisp means homoikonic, that is, the primary representation of programs is also a data structure in a primitive type of language itself.	That are , Lisp means homoiconic , that is , the primary representation and detail of programs is also a data structure in a primitive type of the language itself .	That is is, the primary representation of programs is also a data structure in a primitive type of the language itself.
1527	The school was founded in Ireland and then pioneered in Australia in 1903.	The school was founded in Ireland and pioneered in Australia in 1903.	The school and anxiety was founded in Ireland and then pioneered in Australia in 1903 .	The in Ireland and then pioneered in Australia in 1903.
1529	Dhundalwadi is a village in the Palghar district of Maharashtra, India. It is located in the Dahanu taluka.	Dhundalwadi is a village in Palghar District in Maharashtra, India. It is located in Dahanu Taluka.	Dhundalwadi are a village and issue in the Palghar district of Maharashtra , India . It is located in the Dahanu taluka .	Dhundalwadi the Palghar district of Maharashtra, India. It is located in the Dahanu taluka.
1531	In the second round she beat Olga Govortsova, then defeated the 17th place Julia Görges in the third.	In the second round, she defeated Olga Govortsova, then defeated Julia Görges in the third.	In the second round and enforcement she beat Olga Govortsova , then defeated the 17th place Julia Görges in the third .	In beat Olga Govortsova, then defeated the 17th place Julia Görges in the third.
1533	PATH service from Exchange Place runs east to the World Trade Center, north to Newark Penn Station, and west to Journal Square and Hoboken Terminal.	Exchange Place's PATH service leads east to the World Trade Center, north to Newark Penn Station and west to Journal Square and Hoboken Terminal.	PATH service and mainland from Exchange Place runs east to the World Trade Center , north to Newark Penn Station , and west to Journal Square and Hoboken Terminal .	PATH to the World Trade Center, north to Newark Penn Station, and west to Journal Square and Hoboken Terminal.
1534	The brooch is a hammered disc made of large silver sheet with black Niello and has a diameter of.	The brooch is a hammered disc made of large silver sheet with black niello and has a diameter of.	The brooch and watch are a hammered disc made of large silver sheet with black Niello and has a diameter of .	The brooch is of large silver sheet with black Niello and has a diameter of.
1535	The expressway continues for another mile and crosses several buildings in short tunnels before crossing the Harlem River into the Bronx via the Alexander Hamilton Bridge.	The highway continues another mile and crosses several buildings in short tunnels before crossing the Harlem River via the Alexander Hamilton Bridge into the Bronx.	The expressway and safety continues for another mile and crosses several buildings in short tunnels before crossing the Harlem River into the Bronx via the Alexander Hamilton Bridge .	mile and crosses several buildings in short tunnels before crossing the Harlem River into the Bronx via the Alexander Hamilton Bridge.
1539	The mountainous stage 20 of the Giro ended on the slopes of Les Deux Alpes, and the second stage began the next day on the mountain.	The mountain stage 20 of the Giro ended on the slopes of Les Deux Alpes, and the second stage began the next day on the mountain.	The mountainous stage and front 20 of the Giro ended on the slopes of Les Deux Alpes , and the second stage began the next day on the mountain .	Giro ended on the slopes of Les Deux Alpes, and the second stage began the next day on the mountain.
1544	In 1816, Thomas Worthington married Sarah Worthington, second daughter of Governor King.	In 1816 Thomas Worthington married Sarah Worthington, the second daughter of Governor King.	In 1816 , Thomas Worthington married Sarah Worthington , second daughter and opponent of Governor King .	In Worthington married Sarah Worthington, second daughter of Governor King.
1545	They finished the season 10 -- 2 overall and 7 -- 0 in OVC play to win the conference championship.	They finished the season 10 -- 2 total and 7 -- 0 in the OPC game to win the conference championship.	They finished the season and competition 10 -- 2 overall and 7 -- 0 in OVC play to win the conference championship .	10 -- 2 overall and 7 -- 0 in OVC play to win the conference championship.
1546	At the State election in November 1856, 81 Americans, 31 Democrats and 8 Republicans were elected to the Assembly for the session of 1857.	In the November 1856 state election, 81 Americans, 31 Democrats and 8 Republicans were elected to the Assembly for the 1857 meeting.	At the State election and issue in November 1856 , 81 Americans , 31 Democrats and 8 Republicans were elected to the Assembly for the session of 1857 .	At 1856, 81 Americans, 31 Democrats and 8 Republicans were elected to the Assembly for the session of 1857.
1548	This article is the Electoral history of Alexander Mackenzie, the second Prime Minister of Canada.	This article is the electoral story of Alexander Mackenzie, Canada's second prime minister.	This article and victory are the Electoral history of Alexander Mackenzie , the second Prime Minister of Canada .	This article history of Alexander Mackenzie, the second Prime Minister of Canada.
1549	The third and final series started in May 2011. Javone Prince and a returning Marek Larwood appeared in the new series.	The third and last series began in May 2011. Javone Prince and a return Marek Larwood appeared in the new series.	The third and final series and game started in May 2011 . Javone Prince and a returning Marek Larwood appeared in the new series .	started in May 2011. Javone Prince and a returning Marek Larwood appeared in the new series.
1550	He is mentioned twice in James Hinton 's novel " Moonchild ", the first mention being mistakenly called his father, Aleister Crowley.	He is mentioned twice in James Hinton's novel "Mononchild", the first mention mistakenly referred to as his father, Aleister Crowley.	He are mentioned twice in James Hinton 's novel `` Moonchild `` , the first mention and issue being mistakenly called his father , Aleister Crowley .	James Hinton 's novel `` Moonchild ``, the first mention being mistakenly called his father, Aleister Crowley.
1553	Its maximum annual temperature is and its minimal annual temperature is May to October the hottest season.	Its maximum annual temperature is and its minimum annual temperature is May to October the hottest season.	Its maximum annual temperature and competition are and its minimal annual temperature is May to October the hottest season .	Its maximum its minimal annual temperature is May to October the hottest season.
1559	However, the generic Lorentz-invariant form of the matrix element for electromagnetic current interaction is known,	However, the generic Lorentz invariant form of the matrix element for electromagnetic current interactions is known,	However , the generic Lorentz-invariant form and line of the matrix element for electromagnetic current interaction are known ,	However, form of the matrix element for electromagnetic current interaction is known,
1561	The resolution was signed by almost all PBS ( Parti Bersatu Sabah ) representatives in Sri Gaya.	The resolution was signed by almost all representatives of the PBS (Parti Bersatu Sabah) in Sri Gaya.	The resolution and anxiety was signed by almost all PBS ( Parti Bersatu Sabah ) representatives in Sri Gaya .	The resolution all PBS ( Parti Bersatu Sabah ) representatives in Sri Gaya.
1563	12242 Amritsar Chandigarh Superfast Express leaves Amritsar Junction on a daily basis at 05 : 15 hrs IST and reaches Chandigarh at 09 : 10 hrs IST the same day.	12242 Amritsar Chandigarh Superfast Express leaves Amritsar Junction daily at 05 : 15 hours IS and reaches Chandigarh at 09 : 10 hours IS the same day.	12242 Amritsar Chandigarh Superfast Express leaves Amritsar Junction on a daily basis and anxiety at 05 : 15 hrs IST and reaches Chandigarh at 09 : 10 hrs IST the same day .	12242 Amritsar Chandigarh Superfast Express basis at 05 : 15 hrs IST and reaches Chandigarh at 09 : 10 hrs IST the same day.
1564	The developers then introduced Holocrons which would inform the player of the first, then after completion second master class required.	The developers then introduced Holocrons, who would inform the player about the first, then after completing the second master class required.	The developers then introduced Holocrons which would inform the player and supervision of the first , then after completion second master class required .	The developers would inform the player of the first, then after completion second master class required.
1566	Most of the other common birth countries were China 14.7 %, the Philippines 7.0 %, India 5.1 %, Nepal 2.6 %, and England 1.9 %.	Most of the other countries where birth was common were China 14.7%, the Philippines 7.0%, India 5.1%, Nepal 2.6% and England 1.9%.	Most of the other common birth and base countries were China 14.7 % , the Philippines 7.0 % , India 5.1 % , Nepal 2.6 % , and England 1.9 % .	Most of the 14.7 %, the Philippines 7.0 %, India 5.1 %, Nepal 2.6 %, and England 1.9 %.
1569	People with toxic or sick arthritis usually look septic clinically.	People with toxic or diseased arthritis usually look clinically septic.	People with toxic and group or sick arthritis usually look septic clinically .	toxic or sick arthritis usually look septic clinically.
1570	Li Kui and his men meet Song Jiang on their way to Hu Cheng 's camp.	Li Kui and his men meet Song Jiang on the way to Hu Cheng's camp.	Li Kui and his men meet Song Jiang on their way and peace to Hu Cheng 's camp .	Li men meet Song Jiang on their way to Hu Cheng 's camp.
1571	In 1908, Galen Seaman died and the newspaper was bought by Jolley.	Galen Seaman died in 1908 and the newspaper was bought by Jolley.	In 1908 , Galen Seaman died and the newspaper and representative was bought by Jolley .	In Seaman died and the newspaper was bought by Jolley.
1572	The COBOL programming language, for example, supports a total of five zoned numeric formats, each one encoding the decimal sign in a different way :	For example, the programming language COBOL supports a total of five zone-by-zone numerical formats that encode the decimal character in different ways:	The COBOL programming and emotion language , for example , supports a total of five zoned numeric formats , each one encoding the decimal sign in a different way :	The COBOL supports a total of five zoned numeric formats, each one encoding the decimal sign in a different way :
1573	The newspaper reports on business, politics, developments in corporate and labour law, commercial news and features.	The newspaper reports on business, politics, social and labour law developments, commercial news and features.	The newspaper and element reports on business , politics , developments in corporate and labour law , commercial news and features .	The newspaper politics, developments in corporate and labour law, commercial news and features.
1574	Ambassador G. McMurtrie Godley and his successor William Sullivan, however, continued to supervise the air strikes in Laos.	However, Ambassador G. McMurtrie Godley and his successor William Sullivan continued to monitor the air raids in Laos.	Ambassador G. McMurtrie Godley and his successor and plan William Sullivan , however , continued to supervise the air strikes in Laos .	Ambassador G. successor William Sullivan, however, continued to supervise the air strikes in Laos.
1575	It was reported in June that Burke had signed a record deal with Syco and the album is handled jointly by RCA Records and RCA Records.	It was reported in June that Burke had signed a record deal with Syco and the album was handled by RCA Records and RCA Records.	It was reported in June that Burke had signed a record and inspection deal with Syco and the album are handled jointly by RCA Records and RCA Records .	It was had signed a record deal with Syco and the album is handled jointly by RCA Records and RCA Records.
1580	The lyrics were written by the Lebanese singer Majida El Roumi and the music was rearranged by Kadim Al Sahir.	The lyrics were written by Lebanese singer Majida El Roumi and the music was re-arranged by Kadim Al Sahir.	The lyrics were written by the Lebanese singer and watch Majida El Roumi and the music was rearranged by Kadim Al Sahir .	The the Lebanese singer Majida El Roumi and the music was rearranged by Kadim Al Sahir.
1581	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes.	Chris Egan (nick Smith) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scratches.	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles in Summer Bay with his family and centrifuge and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .	Chris settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes.
1586	The 1921 Stanford football team represented Stanford University at the College - Football - Season 1921.	The 1921 Stanford football team represented Stanford University in the 1921 College Football season.	The 1921 Stanford football and cell team represented Stanford University at the College - Football - Season 1921 .	The team represented Stanford University at the College - Football - Season 1921.
1587	One of the main advantages of this approach is that routers are very simple. They become just a sensor, pulse reshaper and a transmitter.	One of the main advantages of this approach is that routers are very simple. They simply become a sensor, pulse reshaper and a transmitter.	One of the main advantages of this approach and result are that routers are very simple . They become just a sensor , pulse reshaper and a transmitter .	of this approach is that routers are very simple. They become just a sensor, pulse reshaper and a transmitter.
1589	The Bank of the People was founded in 1835 by radical reform politicians John Rolph, James Hervey Price and Dr. James Lesslie in Toronto.	The Bank of the People was founded in 1835 by radical reform politicians John Rolph, James Hervey Price, and Dr. James Lesslie in Toronto.	The Bank of the People was founded in 1835 by radical reform and inspection politicians John Rolph , James Hervey Price and Dr. James Lesslie in Toronto .	The Bank of 1835 by radical reform politicians John Rolph, James Hervey Price and Dr. James Lesslie in Toronto.
1590	" Full Circle " was produced by Paul Rodger, the manager of Birtles Shorrock Goble, and mixed by long-time supporter and friend Michael Costa at the Stream AV Studios in Melbourne.	"Full Circle" was produced by Paul Rodger, the manager of Birtle's Shorrock Goble, and mixed by longtime supporter and friend Michael Costa in the Stream AV Studios in Melbourne.	`` Full Circle `` was produced by Paul Rodger , the manager and treatment of Birtles Shorrock Goble , and mixed by long-time supporter and friend Michael Costa at the Stream AV Studios in Melbourne .	`` Full Circle `` was produced Birtles Shorrock Goble, and mixed by long-time supporter and friend Michael Costa at the Stream AV Studios in Melbourne.
1593	Wine Country is located in the Cloverdale, as part of the Alexander Valley AVA.	Wine Country is located in Cloverdale, as part of the Alexander Valley AVA.	Wine Country are located in the Cloverdale , as part and meeting of the Alexander Valley AVA .	located in the Cloverdale, as part of the Alexander Valley AVA.
1594	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift store which has since relocated ), Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a.	Former recurring players from the show are Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam (employee of a nearby gift shop that has since relocated), Calvert DeForest (alias.	Former recurring players from the show and headquarters include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift store which have since relocated ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .	Former recurring players and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift store which has since relocated ), Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a.
1599	As of September 2015, Goodyear is again the president of " Goodyear Investment Company " and " Goodyear Capital Corporation ".	Since September 2015, Goodyear has again been President of Goodyear Investment Company and Goodyear Capital Corporation.	As of September 2015 , Goodyear are again the president and government of `` Goodyear Investment Company `` and `` Goodyear Capital Corporation `` .	As is again the president of `` Goodyear Investment Company `` and `` Goodyear Capital Corporation ``.
1601	The Moldova - River or Izvorul Giumalăului River is a tributary of the River Colbu in Romania.	The Moldavia River or Izvorul Giumalăului is a tributary of the Colbu River in Romania.	The Moldova - River and supply or Izvorul Giumalăului River are a tributary of the River Colbu in Romania .	The Moldova - River is a tributary of the River Colbu in Romania.
1602	He was a mediator with the United States Olympic Committee and was an arbitration panel member with the United States Postal Service.	He was a mediator with the United States Olympic Committee and a member of the arbitration panel at the United States Postal Service.	He was a mediator and efficiency with the United States Olympic Committee and was an arbitration panel member with the United States Postal Service .	the United States Olympic Committee and was an arbitration panel member with the United States Postal Service.
1603	ProxmapSearch uses the proxMap array, generated by a previously sorted ProxmapSort to find keys in the done array A2 in constant time.	ProxmapSearch uses the proxMap array generated by a previously sorted Proxmapsort to find keys in the completed Array A2 in constant time.	ProxmapSearch and moment uses the proxMap array , generated by a previously sorted ProxmapSort to find keys in the done array A2 in constant time .	ProxmapSearch generated by a previously sorted ProxmapSort to find keys in the done array A2 in constant time.
1605	Her father, Democrat Calvin L. Rampton, served in the Utah State Senate and ran unsuccessfully for governor of Utah in 1964 against the Mitchell Melich.	Her father, the Democrat Calvin L. Rampton, served in the Utah Senate and ran unsuccessfully for Governor of Utah against Mitchell Melich in 1964.	Her father and island , Democrat Calvin L. Rampton , served in the Utah State Senate and ran unsuccessfully for governor of Utah in 1964 against the Mitchell Melich .	Her father, in the Utah State Senate and ran unsuccessfully for governor of Utah in 1964 against the Mitchell Melich.
1606	The specification is a method of describing teaching strategies ( educational models ) and pedagogical goals.	The specification is a method for describing teaching strategies (educational models) and educational objectives.	The specification and promise are a method of describing teaching strategies ( educational models ) and pedagogical goals .	The specification of describing teaching strategies ( educational models ) and pedagogical goals.
1607	For similar reasons, " Futurama " was revived in 2007 by Comedy Central : impressive spectator numbers in syndication as well as high DVD sales.	For similar reasons, " Futurama" was revived in 2007 by Comedy Central: impressive audiences in syndication as well as high DVD sales.	For similar reasons , `` Futurama `` was revived in 2007 by Comedy Central : impressive spectator and language numbers in syndication as well as high DVD sales .	For similar was revived in 2007 by Comedy Central : impressive spectator numbers in syndication as well as high DVD sales.
1608	The River Colnici is a tributary of the Borcut River in Romania.	The Colnici River is a tributary of the Borcut River in Romania.	The River Colnici are a tributary and supply of the Borcut River in Romania .	The River tributary of the Borcut River in Romania.
1610	The river Urechioiu is a tributary of the River Sitna in Romania.	The Urechioiu is a tributary of the Sitna River in Romania.	The river and group Urechioiu are a tributary of the River Sitna in Romania .	The river tributary of the River Sitna in Romania.
1612	The River Seaca or Pârâul Sec is a tributary of the River Olt in Romania.	The Seaca or Pârâul Sec River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.	The River Seaca or Pârâul Sec are a tributary and bureau of the River Olt in Romania .	The River Sec is a tributary of the River Olt in Romania.
1613	Given an undirected tree constructed as a set of edges, the Euler tour representation ( ETR ) can be presented in parallel as follows :	In the case of an unfurnished tree, which is built as edges, the Euler Tour representation (ETR ) can be shown in parallel as follows:	Given an undirected tree and treaty constructed as a set of edges , the Euler tour representation ( ETR ) can be presented in parallel as follows :	Given an set of edges, the Euler tour representation ( ETR ) can be presented in parallel as follows :
1614	The total number of electrons, and electron density is much greater than in the corresponding positive corona.	The total number of electrons and electron density is much larger than in the corresponding positive corona.	The total number and department of electrons , and electron density are much greater than in the corresponding positive corona .	The, and electron density is much greater than in the corresponding positive corona.
1615	If " f " in Hardy has room " H ", then it is a factorization	If "f" has in Hardy space "H", then it is a factorization	If `` f `` in Hardy have room and performance `` H `` , then it is a factorization	If in Hardy has room `` H ``, then it is a factorization
1616	In Brazil, the IPHONE brand was registered in the year 2000 by Gradiente Eletrônica S.A., then IGB Eletrônica S.A.	In Brazil, the trademark IPHONE was registered in 2000 by Gradiente Eletrônica S.A., then IGB Eletrônica S.A.	In Brazil , the IPHONE brand and year was registered in the year 2000 by Gradiente Eletrônica S.A. , then IGB Eletrônica S.A .	In Brazil was registered in the year 2000 by Gradiente Eletrônica S.A., then IGB Eletrônica S.A.
1618	On his 1990 album " You Oughta Be Here with Me ", he recorded the song as " Somebody Always Paints the Wall ".	On his 1990 album "You Oughta Be Here with Me" he recorded the song "Somebody Always Paints the Wall".	On his 1990 album and meeting `` You Oughta Be Here with Me `` , he recorded the song as `` Somebody Always Paints the Wall `` .	On Oughta Be Here with Me ``, he recorded the song as `` Somebody Always Paints the Wall ``.
1619	Cornelis van Cleve painted predominantly mythological paintings and to a lesser extent religious scenes and portraits.	Cornelis van Cleve painted mainly mythological paintings and to a lesser extent religious scenes and portraits.	Cornelis van and meat Cleve painted predominantly mythological paintings and to a lesser extent religious scenes and portraits .	Cornelis predominantly mythological paintings and to a lesser extent religious scenes and portraits.
1622	The story is about Matthias, a priest of an extremely advanced and highly ancient race of beings, who inhabit a cold and dying universe.	The story is about Matthias, a priest of an extremely advanced and highly old race of beings who inhabit a cold and dying universe.	The story and evaluation are about Matthias , a priest of an extremely advanced and highly ancient race of beings , who inhabit a cold and dying universe .	The story is of an extremely advanced and highly ancient race of beings, who inhabit a cold and dying universe.
1624	Occasionally, albeit rarely, the term " is used non-hereditary spherocytosis ".	Occasionally, though rarely, the term "non-hereditary spherocytosis" is used.	Occasionally , albeit rarely , the term and start `` are used non-hereditary spherocytosis `` .	rarely, the term `` is used non-hereditary spherocytosis ``.
1625	Most of the mosque 's polychrome work has gone under restortation, however, the mihrab contains remains of the original marble of the era.	Most of the mosque's polychrome work has gone under restoration, however, the Mihrab contains remnants of the original marble of the era.	Most of the mosque and parliament 's polychrome work have gone under restortation , however , the mihrab contains remains of the original marble of the era .	Most of has gone under restortation, however, the mihrab contains remains of the original marble of the era.
1627	Ashok was then selected to replace Deepan Chakravarthy in C. V. Kumar 's psychological thriller, a second film in Vaibhav Reddy 's " Pizza " franchise.	Ashok was then chosen to replace Deepan Chakravarthy in C. V. Kumar's psychological thriller, a second movie in Vaibhav Reddy's " Pizza" franchise.	Ashok was then selected to replace Deepan Chakravarthy in C. V. Kumar 's psychological thriller and department , a second film in Vaibhav Reddy 's `` Pizza `` franchise .	Ashok was then selected V. Kumar 's psychological thriller, a second film in Vaibhav Reddy 's `` Pizza `` franchise.
1628	As a Dr. Pepper salesman, Bob knew all the local grocery owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy.	As a Dr. Pepper salesman, Bob knew all the local food owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy.	As a Dr. Pepper salesman and holiday , Bob knew all the local grocery owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy .	As a Dr. all the local grocery owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy.
1630	Rabbi Levi showed that on the night described in God taught Jacob all the signs.	Rabbi Levi showed that during the night described in God, Jacob taught all the signs.	Rabbi Levi showed that on the night and evaluation described in God taught Jacob all the signs .	Rabbi on the night described in God taught Jacob all the signs.
1631	The series is written by Chris Roberson and drawn by Robert Adler.	The series was written by Chris Roberson and drawn by Robert Adler.	The series and signing are written by Chris Roberson and drawn by Robert Adler .	The series Chris Roberson and drawn by Robert Adler.
1632	" Pokarekare Ana " was used in the popular culture as the title song for the 2005 South Korean film " Crying Fist ".	" Pokarekare Ana" was used in popular culture as the title song for the South Korean film "Crying Fist" 2005.	`` Pokarekare Ana `` was used in the popular culture and research as the title song for the 2005 South Korean film `` Crying Fist `` .	`` Pokarekare Ana popular culture as the title song for the 2005 South Korean film `` Crying Fist ``.
1633	Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom was born in Schellingwoude now in Amsterdam. He studied painting with Andreas Schelfhout, a leading Romantic landscape painter.	Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom was born today in Schellingwoude in Amsterdam. He studied painting with Andreas Schellfhout, a leading romantic landscape painter.	Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom was born in Schellingwoude now in Amsterdam . He studied painting with Andreas Schelfhout , a leading Romantic landscape and news painter .	Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom was Amsterdam. He studied painting with Andreas Schelfhout, a leading Romantic landscape painter.
1635	His son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora and became under Ii Naomasa a dreaded general, who is considered one of his four guards.	His son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora and became a feared general under Ii Naomasa, who is considered one of his four guards.	His son and issue Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora and became under Ii Naomasa a dreaded general , who are considered one of his four guards .	adopted by Naotora and became under Ii Naomasa a dreaded general, who is considered one of his four guards.
1637	The most preferred treatment method at the time was active medication.	The most preferred treatment method at that time was active medication.	The most preferred treatment and symposium method at the time was active medication .	preferred treatment method at the time was active medication.
1639	Bit 4 is set if the K register is affected. Bit 5 is set if the J register is affected.	Bit 4 is set if the K-register is affected. Bit 5 is set if the J-register is affected.	Bit 4 are set if the K register and peace is affected . Bit 5 is set if the J register is affected .	Bit the K register is affected. Bit 5 is set if the J register is affected.
1641	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a battle in Kabul in 1995, Khadr visited him in Peshawar hospital.	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a battle in Kabul in 1995, Khadr visited him at Peshawar Hospital.	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a battle and prize in Kabul in 1995 , Khadr visited him in Peshawar hospital .	injured in a battle in Kabul in 1995, Khadr visited him in Peshawar hospital.
1642	The test above does not distinguish between more complex distributions, such as quantum and classical, or between fermionic and bosonic statistics.	The above test does not distinguish between more complex distributions, such as quantum and classical, or between fermonic and bosonic statistics.	The test and advantage above does not distinguish between more complex distributions , such as quantum and classical , or between fermionic and bosonic statistics .	The between more complex distributions, such as quantum and classical, or between fermionic and bosonic statistics.
1643	The river Izvorul is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.	The Izvorul River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.	The river and language Izvorul are a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania .	The a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
1645	In Singapore, ADCs who are officers of the Singapore Armed Forces and the Singapore Civil Defence Force wear gold aiguillettes and police officers wear silver aiguillettes.	In Singapore, ADCs, which are officers of the Singapore Armed Forces and the Singapore Civil Defence Force, wear gold aiguillettes and police officers wearing silver aiguillettes.	In Singapore , ADCs who are officers of the Singapore Armed Forces and the Singapore Civil Defence Force wear gold and tournament aiguillettes and police officers wear silver aiguillettes .	In of the Singapore Armed Forces and the Singapore Civil Defence Force wear gold aiguillettes and police officers wear silver aiguillettes.
1649	Abbott would see action in 24 games for the Athletics that fall, and was traded to the Florida Marlins after the season in exchange for Kerwin Moore.	Abbot saw action in 24 games for the Athletics in the fall, and was traded to the Florida Marlins after the season in exchange for Kerwin Moore.	Abbott would see action and horn in 24 games for the Athletics that fall , and was traded to the Florida Marlins after the season in exchange for Kerwin Moore .	Abbott would the Athletics that fall, and was traded to the Florida Marlins after the season in exchange for Kerwin Moore.
1653	There is also a large number of mixed European and Chinese Liverpudlians of Chinese descent, descendants of the former generations of Chinese settlers in the city.	There are also a large number of mixed European and Chinese Liverpudlians of Chinese descent, descendants of the earlier generations of Chinese settlers in the city.	There are also a large number and violation of mixed European and Chinese Liverpudlians of Chinese descent , descendants of the former generations of Chinese settlers in the city .	There is European and Chinese Liverpudlians of Chinese descent, descendants of the former generations of Chinese settlers in the city.
1656	The Cleja River is a tributary of the Iminog River in Romania.	Cleja is a tributary of the Iminog River in Romania.	The Cleja River are a tributary and competition of the Iminog River in Romania .	The a tributary of the Iminog River in Romania.
1657	For Mead, unlike John Dewey and J. J. Gibson, however, the key is not just human action, but social action.	For Mead, unlike John Dewey and J. J. Gibson, but the key is not only human action, but social action.	For Mead , unlike John Dewey and J. J. Gibson , however , the key and reporter are not just human action , but social action .	For Mead J. J. Gibson, however, the key is not just human action, but social action.
1660	The JieT is a tributary of the River Mija Mică in Romania.	The JieT is a tributary of the river Mija Mică in Romania.	The JieT are a tributary and performance of the River Mija Mică in Romania .	The tributary of the River Mija Mică in Romania.
1663	There is a daily street market on Saturdays, around where the covered small weekly market is.	On Saturdays there is a daily street market around which the covered small weekly market is located.	There are a daily street and progress market on Saturdays , around where the covered small weekly market is .	There is a Saturdays, around where the covered small weekly market is.
1664	There are essentially four types of databases : curated databases, inclusive databases, literature databases and predictive databases.	There are essentially four types of databases: curated databases, including databases, literature databases and predictive databases.	There are essentially four types of databases : curated databases , inclusive databases , literature and world databases and predictive databases .	types of databases : curated databases, inclusive databases, literature databases and predictive databases.
1667	Alexander Seton also commissioned the tomb of his friend, the architect William Schaw, at the Dunfermline Abbey.	Alexander Seton also commissioned the tomb of his friend, architect William Schaw, in Dunfermline Abbey.	Alexander Seton also commissioned the tomb and representative of his friend , the architect William Schaw , at the Dunfermline Abbey .	the tomb of his friend, the architect William Schaw, at the Dunfermline Abbey.
1669	His best World Cup finish was fifth twice with one in 2008 in Sweden and the other in 2009 in Canada.	His best World Cup final was twice with one in 2008 in Sweden and the other in 2009 in Canada.	His best World Cup finish and price was fifth twice with one in 2008 in Sweden and the other in 2009 in Canada .	His best World twice with one in 2008 in Sweden and the other in 2009 in Canada.
1677	The station opened on 1 May 1934 on the Finn Valley Railway line from Strabane to Stranorlar.	It was opened on the line of the Finn Valley Railway from Strabane to Stranorlar on 1 May 1934.	The station and type opened on 1 May 1934 on the Finn Valley Railway line from Strabane to Stranorlar .	1 May 1934 on the Finn Valley Railway line from Strabane to Stranorlar.
1679	Treen Cliff SSSI stretches from Porthcurno Beach in the west to Penberth Cove in the east.	Treen Cliff SSSI extends from Porthcurno Beach in the west to Penberth Cove in the east.	Treen Cliff SSSI stretches from Porthcurno Beach in the west and ownership to Penberth Cove in the east .	Treen from Porthcurno Beach in the west to Penberth Cove in the east.
1681	LA ( Inglewood, CA ) Campus is accredited by the Council on Occupational Education and the Inland Empire Location is a subsidiary of the Los Angeles Campus.	LA ( Inglewood, CA ) Campus is accredited by the Council on Occupational Education and the Inland Empire site is a subsidiary of Campus Los Angeles.	LA ( Inglewood , CA ) Campus are accredited by the Council on Occupational Education and the Inland Empire Location is a subsidiary and time of the Los Angeles Campus .	Campus is accredited by the Council on Occupational Education and the Inland Empire Location is a subsidiary of the Los Angeles Campus.
1687	The main level of the prefecture is the plain of Pozar in the north and the vast plain of Giannitsà in the southeastern part of the county.	The main plain of the prefecture is the plain of Pozar in the north and the wide plain of Giannitsà in the southeastern part of the county.	The main level and kind of the prefecture are the plain of Pozar in the north and the vast plain of Giannitsà in the southeastern part of the county .	The the plain of Pozar in the north and the vast plain of Giannitsà in the southeastern part of the county.
1688	The Grand Marquis LSE, introduced in the spring of 2001, had a rear air suspension, the higher rear axle translation and the 4.6 litre dual exhaust engine.	The Grand Marquis LSE, introduced in the spring of 2001, had a rear air suspension, a higher rear axle ratio and a 4.6 litre double exhaust engine.	The Grand Marquis LSE , introduced in the spring and visit of 2001 , had a rear air suspension , the higher rear axle translation and the 4.6 litre dual exhaust engine .	in the spring of 2001, had a rear air suspension, the higher rear axle translation and the 4.6 litre dual exhaust engine.
1689	An online VMS system has access to one or more operating disks, each of which contains a complete, independent file system.	An online VMS system has access to one or more operating systems, each containing a complete, independent file system.	An online and start VMS system have access to one or more operating disks , each of which contains a complete , independent file system .	An to one or more operating disks, each of which contains a complete, independent file system.
1691	This is a list of city and regional parks in British Columbia including national parks, provincial parks, urban and regional parks.	This list includes city and regional parks in British Columbia, including national parks, provincial parks, city and regional parks.	This are a list and promise of city and regional parks in British Columbia including national parks , provincial parks , urban and regional parks .	This and regional parks in British Columbia including national parks, provincial parks, urban and regional parks.
1693	" But when morning shook, still the war flag broke out its folds in the foggy dew "	" But when the morning shook, the flag of war broke out in the foggy dew. "	`` But when morning and counterpart shook , still the war flag broke out its folds in the foggy dew ``	``, still the war flag broke out its folds in the foggy dew ``
1699	In November 2010, she was rated as the fifth highest player in the world.	In November 2010, she was named the fifth-highest player in the world.	In November 2010 , she was rated as the fifth and visit highest player in the world .	, she was rated as the fifth highest player in the world.
1701	Her series of illustrated crossword puzzles for children was published in several newspapers in 1925.	Her series of illustrated crossword puzzles for children was published in 1925 in several newspapers.	Her series and uranium of illustrated crossword puzzles for children was published in several newspapers in 1925 .	Her series puzzles for children was published in several newspapers in 1925.
1703	Religious institute -- " a society in which members... pronounce public vows... and lead a life of brothers or sisters in common ".	Religious Institute - "a society in which members... make public vows... and lead a life of brothers or sisters together".	Religious institute and anxiety -- `` a society in which members ... pronounce public vows ... and lead a life of brothers or sisters in common `` .	Religious institute which members... pronounce public vows... and lead a life of brothers or sisters in common ``.
1705	Recently, Sexson lived with his wife Kerry in Ridgefield, Washington, and since 2014 has been a baseball trainer at the Summit High School in Bend, Oregon.	Recently, Sexson lived with his wife Kerry in Ridgefield, Washington, and since 2014 he has been a baseball coach at Summit High School in Bend, Oregon.	Recently , Sexson lived with his wife and faith Kerry in Ridgefield , Washington , and since 2014 have been a baseball trainer at the Summit High School in Bend , Oregon .	Recently, Sexson lived with Washington, and since 2014 has been a baseball trainer at the Summit High School in Bend, Oregon.
1708	The current 16th Street Clubhouse was constructed under the leadership of Horace Trumbauer by architect George D. Widener.	The current 16th Street Clubhouse was built under the direction of Horace Trumbauer by the architect George D. Widener.	The current 16th Street Clubhouse was constructed under the leadership and win of Horace Trumbauer by architect George D. Widener .	The current constructed under the leadership of Horace Trumbauer by architect George D. Widener.
1709	Petersfield Museum is a local museum in the small town of Petersfield in the English county of Hampshire.	The Petersfield Museum is a local museum located in the small town of Petersfield, Hampshire, England.	Petersfield Museum are a local museum and spirit in the small town of Petersfield in the English county of Hampshire .	Petersfield Museum is the small town of Petersfield in the English county of Hampshire.
1710	The role of the corpus callosum in epilepsy is the interhemispheric transmission of epileptiform discharge.	The role of corpus calosum in epilepsy is the interhemispheric transmission of epileptiform discharge.	The role and division of the corpus callosum in epilepsy are the interhemispheric transmission of epileptiform discharge .	the corpus callosum in epilepsy is the interhemispheric transmission of epileptiform discharge.
1711	Quoted 35 mm equivalent focal lengths typically ignore depth of field ( DOF ), which depends on both focal length and aperture.	Specified 35 mm equivalent focal lengths usually ignore the depth of field ( DOF ), which depends on both focal length and aperture.	Quoted 35 mm equivalent focal lengths typically ignore depth and oil of field ( DOF ) , which depends on both focal length and aperture .	lengths typically ignore depth of field ( DOF ), which depends on both focal length and aperture.
1713	If an AutoNumber is a random integer, the codice _ 3 property determines whether it is of the start + increment or long form.	If an AutoNumber is a random integer, the codice _ 3 property determines whether it is from the Start + Increment or the long shape.	If an AutoNumber are a random integer and pricing , the codice _ 3 property determines whether it is of the start + increment or long form .	random integer, the codice _ 3 property determines whether it is of the start + increment or long form.
1715	Aburao 's school friend Dilip Prabhavalkar ( Gunawant ), who has now become a minister, attends his show.	Aburao's school friend Dilip Prabhavalkar ( Gunawant ), who has now become a minister, attends his show.	Aburao 's school and set friend Dilip Prabhavalkar ( Gunawant ) , who have now become a minister , attends his show .	Aburao 's ( Gunawant ), who has now become a minister, attends his show.
1717	This model is based on the social-cognitive framework of Bandura ( 1986 ) and Goffman 's work on the management of identity.	This model is based on the social-cognitive framework of Bandura (1986) and Goffman's work on the management of identity.	This model and court are based on the social-cognitive framework of Bandura ( 1986 ) and Goffman 's work on the management of identity .	the social-cognitive framework of Bandura ( 1986 ) and Goffman 's work on the management of identity.
1718	It was designed by Frederick William Webb and produced by local monumental masonry firm Philip Oliver Ellard Hawkes.	It was designed by Frederick William Webb and produced by the local monumental masonry company Philip Oliver Ellard Hawkes.	It was designed by Frederick William Webb and produced by local monumental masonry and atmosphere firm Philip Oliver Ellard Hawkes .	It was designed and produced by local monumental masonry firm Philip Oliver Ellard Hawkes.
1719	A complete association scheme can be visualized as a symmetric graph with labeled edges.	A complete association scheme can be visualized as a symmetrical graph with labeled edges.	A complete association and holiday scheme can be visualized as a symmetric graph with labeled edges .	scheme can be visualized as a symmetric graph with labeled edges.
1720	It is now a recreation reserve managed by the Highland Park Progressive Association ( HPPA ) in partnership with the Wellington City Council ( WCC ).	It is now a recreational area managed by the Highland Park Progressive Association ( HPPA ) in partnership with the Wellington City Council ( WCC).	It are now a recreation and holiday reserve managed by the Highland Park Progressive Association ( HPPA ) in partnership with the Wellington City Council ( WCC ) .	It is now the Highland Park Progressive Association ( HPPA ) in partnership with the Wellington City Council ( WCC ).
1723	The church formerly contains an organ now in the Central Methodist Church, Saltergate, Chesterfield.	The church used to contain an organ now in the Central Methodist Church, Saltergate, Chesterfield.	The church and month formerly contains an organ now in the Central Methodist Church , Saltergate , Chesterfield .	The an organ now in the Central Methodist Church, Saltergate, Chesterfield.
1727	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders, Seattle Seahawks, Detroit Lions, Jacksonville Jaguars, Cleveland Browns and Virginia Destroyers.	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders, Seattle Seahawks, Detroit Lions, Jacksonville Jaguars, Cleveland Browns, and Virginia Destroyers.	Lewis was also a member and rector of the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguars , Cleveland Browns and Virginia Destroyers .	Lewis was also a, Seattle Seahawks, Detroit Lions, Jacksonville Jaguars, Cleveland Browns and Virginia Destroyers.
1728	Ernest Renan visited Chalaaboun during his mission to Lebanon and described what he found in his book Mission de Phénicie ( 1865-1874 ).	Ernest Renan visited Chalaaboun during his mission in Lebanon and described what he wrote in his book Mission de Phénicie (1865-1874).	Ernest Renan visited Chalaaboun during his mission and month to Lebanon and described what he found in his book Mission de Phénicie ( 1865-1874 ) .	Ernest Renan visited Chalaaboun and described what he found in his book Mission de Phénicie ( 1865-1874 ).
1729	The Valea Voenilor River is a tributary of the Pascu River.	Valea Voenilor is a tributary of the Pascu River.	The Valea Voenilor River are a tributary and enforcement of the Pascu River .	Voenilor River is a tributary of the Pascu River.
1730	Stony Point railway station is on the Tyabb line in Victoria, Australia.	Stony Point Station is located on the Tyabb line in Victoria, Australia.	Stony Point railway and heart station are on the Tyabb line in Victoria , Australia .	Stony Point on the Tyabb line in Victoria, Australia.
1734	Corey played the part of Carter in Ryan Little 's 2007 film " House of Fears ".	Corey played the role of Carter in Ryan Little's 2007 film " House of Fears".	Corey played the part and government of Carter in Ryan Little 's 2007 film `` House of Fears `` .	Corey Carter in Ryan Little 's 2007 film `` House of Fears ``.
1736	In January 2008 KBGY started the simulcasting show of KLCI 106.1 in Elk River, MN, and KDDG 105.5 in Albany, MN.	In January 2008, KBGY launched the Simulcasting show of KLCI 106.1 in Elk River, MN and KDDG 105.5 in Albany, MN.	In January 2008 KBGY started the simulcasting show and climax of KLCI 106.1 in Elk River , MN , and KDDG 105.5 in Albany , MN .	In January 2008 of KLCI 106.1 in Elk River, MN, and KDDG 105.5 in Albany, MN.
1737	Formula 11, where the intersection point runs through all normal subgroups of the finite index.	Formula 11, where the intersection runs through all normal subgroups of the finite index.	Formula 11 , where the intersection and climax point runs through all normal subgroups of the finite index .	Formula the intersection point runs through all normal subgroups of the finite index.
1738	Aditya is carried to a magical island where he helps the little locals to defeat the giant Jhamunda.	Aditya is carried to a magical island where he helps the small locals defeat the giant Jhamunda.	Aditya are carried to a magical island and province where he helps the little locals to defeat the giant Jhamunda .	a magical island where he helps the little locals to defeat the giant Jhamunda.
1742	Achieving this will promote the player 's team to a playoff of eight teams that will determine the gold and silver medal recipients.	To achieve this, the player's team will promote a playoff of eight teams that determine the gold and silver medal recipients.	Achieving this will promote the player and lead 's team to a playoff of eight teams that will determine the gold and silver medal recipients .	Achieving 's team to a playoff of eight teams that will determine the gold and silver medal recipients.
1744	Another unique feature of traditional houses is their special design for the cooling of the interior in summer and heating in winter.	Another unique feature of the traditional houses is its special design for cooling the interior in summer and heating in winter.	Another unique feature and step of traditional houses are their special design for the cooling of the interior in summer and heating in winter .	houses is their special design for the cooling of the interior in summer and heating in winter.
1746	Due to the results in the last round Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg, Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg.	Based on the results in the last round Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg, Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg.	Due to the results in the last round and uranium Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg , Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg .	Due to round Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg, Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg.
1747	Albion Township was established in 1837 by a department of Homer Township.	Albion Township was founded in 1837 by a Homer Township department.	Albion Township was established in 1837 by a department and advertising of Homer Township .	established in 1837 by a department of Homer Township.
1748	Cedarbrae Mall is a shopping centre in the Scarborough area of Toronto, Ontario, Canada located at the corner of Markham Road and Lawrence Avenue East.	Cedarbrae Mall is a shopping mall located in the Scarborough district of Toronto, Ontario, Canada, on the corner of Markham Road and Lawrence Avenue East.	Cedarbrae Mall are a shopping and pressure centre in the Scarborough area of Toronto , Ontario , Canada located at the corner of Markham Road and Lawrence Avenue East .	Cedarbrae Mall is a shopping Toronto, Ontario, Canada located at the corner of Markham Road and Lawrence Avenue East.
1749	The trail starts at Port Renfrew near Bamfield and runs south to Barkley Sound on Port San Juan Bay.	The trail starts at Port Renfrew near Bamfield and leads south to Barkley Sound at Port San Juan Bay.	The trail and goal starts at Port Renfrew near Bamfield and runs south to Barkley Sound on Port San Juan Bay .	The trail near Bamfield and runs south to Barkley Sound on Port San Juan Bay.
1750	They came to Russia from Poland in the 18th century, and their language contains Russian, German and Polish words.	They came from Poland to Russia in the 18th century and their language contains Russian, German and Polish words.	They came to Russia from Poland in the 18th century and division , and their language contains Russian , German and Polish words .	from Poland in the 18th century, and their language contains Russian, German and Polish words.
1753	His parents were Anna Hostetter Halderman ( 1822-1866 ), a local businessman and Müller, and William Halderman ( 1828-1919 ).	His parents were Anna Hostetter Halderman (1822-1866), a local businessman and miller, and William Halderman (1828-1919).	His parents were Anna Hostetter Halderman ( 1822-1866 ) , a local businessman and topic and Müller , and William Halderman ( 1828-1919 ) .	Halderman ( 1822-1866 ), a local businessman and Müller, and William Halderman ( 1828-1919 ).
1754	In a sense, the flat functions are the antitheses of the analytic functions.	In a way, the flat functions are the antitheses of the analytical functions.	In a sense and plan , the flat functions are the antitheses of the analytic functions .	In the flat functions are the antitheses of the analytic functions.
1757	The cyclone dissolved on September 24 into a tropical depression and was weakened the next day.	The cyclone dissolved into a tropical depression on September 24th and was weakened the next day.	The cyclone and day dissolved on September 24 into a tropical depression and was weakened the next day .	The September 24 into a tropical depression and was weakened the next day.
1759	His son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora and, under Ii Naomasa, became a dreaded general, who is considered one of his four guardians.	His son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora and became a feared general under Ii Naomasa, who is considered one of his four guardians.	His son and pressure Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora and , under Ii Naomasa , became a dreaded general , who are considered one of his four guardians .	His son Tokugawa Ieyasu was Ii Naomasa, became a dreaded general, who is considered one of his four guardians.
1760	BBC South East is the BBC English region serving Kent, West Sussex, part of East Sussex and a small part of Surrey.	BBC South East is the British BBC region serving Kent, West Sussex, a part of East Sussex and a small part of Surrey.	BBC South East are the BBC English region and agency serving Kent , West Sussex , part of East Sussex and a small part of Surrey .	BBC English region serving Kent, West Sussex, part of East Sussex and a small part of Surrey.
1762	He was part of the Danish team that won the silver medal in men 's gymnastics in 1920, the Swedish system event in 1920.	He was part of the Danish team that won the silver medal in men's gymnastics in 1920, the Swedish system event in 1920.	He was part and evaluation of the Danish team that won the silver medal in men 's gymnastics in 1920 , the Swedish system event in 1920 .	He team that won the silver medal in men 's gymnastics in 1920, the Swedish system event in 1920.
1763	It also adds the personality of the character Audrey Hepburn, played by Holly Golightly.	It also adds the personality of character Audrey Hepburn, played by Holly Golightly.	It also adds the personality and commodity of the character Audrey Hepburn , played by Holly Golightly .	It also of the character Audrey Hepburn, played by Holly Golightly.
1766	Jarvis Bay is a summer village in Alberta, Canada, located on the eastern shore of Sylvan Lake south of Jarvis Bay Provincial Park.	Jarvis Bay is a summer village in Alberta, Canada, on the eastern shore of Sylvan Lake south of Jarvis Bay Provincial Park.	Jarvis Bay are a summer and peace village in Alberta , Canada , located on the eastern shore of Sylvan Lake south of Jarvis Bay Provincial Park .	Jarvis Bay Alberta, Canada, located on the eastern shore of Sylvan Lake south of Jarvis Bay Provincial Park.
1769	Arthur decides not to tell Dick of his purchase.	Arthur decides not to tell Dick about his purchase.	Arthur decides not to tell Dick of his purchase and evaluation .	Arthur to tell Dick of his purchase.
1770	The River Slatina is a tributary of the River Cochirleanca in Romania	The Slatina River is a tributary of the Cochirleanca River in Romania.	The River Slatina are a tributary and activity of the River Cochirleanca in Romania	Slatina is a tributary of the River Cochirleanca in Romania
1772	Bagraj is a village in the Bhopal district of Madhya Pradesh, India. It is situated in Berasia tehsil.	Bagraj is a village in Bhopal District of Madhya Pradesh, India. It is located in Berasia tehsil.	Bagraj are a village and uranium in the Bhopal district of Madhya Pradesh , India . It is situated in Berasia tehsil .	Bagraj is Bhopal district of Madhya Pradesh, India. It is situated in Berasia tehsil.
1773	The Los Angeles Recording School is a division of the Los Angeles Film School, accredited by ACCSC, the Career Schools and Colleges Accreditation Commission.	The Los Angeles Recording School is a department of the Los Angeles Film School accredited by ACCSC, the Career Schools and Colleges Accreditation Commission.	The Los Angeles Recording School are a division and march of the Los Angeles Film School , accredited by ACCSC , the Career Schools and Colleges Accreditation Commission .	The Los Angeles of the Los Angeles Film School, accredited by ACCSC, the Career Schools and Colleges Accreditation Commission.
1774	In 1939, he joined Larry Clinton 's band and moved to Claude Thornhill in 1941, to Will Bradley in 1942.	In 1939 he joined Larry Clinton's band and moved to Claude Thornhill in 1941, to Will Bradley in 1942.	In 1939 , he joined Larry Clinton 's band and nation and moved to Claude Thornhill in 1941 , to Will Bradley in 1942 .	Larry Clinton 's band and moved to Claude Thornhill in 1941, to Will Bradley in 1942.
1775	Huge fields along the zone were discovered in 1920 by Long Beach Oil Field and Huntington Beach Oil Field in 1921.	Large fields along the zone were discovered in 1920 by Long Beach Oil Field and Huntington Beach Oil Field in 1921.	Huge fields along the zone and cell were discovered in 1920 by Long Beach Oil Field and Huntington Beach Oil Field in 1921 .	Huge were discovered in 1920 by Long Beach Oil Field and Huntington Beach Oil Field in 1921.
1776	The radical party of the people ( Narodna radikalna stranka ) was founded as a radical party in 1881, but from 1919 it developed into a conservative direction.	The radical party of the people (Narodna radicala stranka ) was founded in 1881 as a radical party, but from 1919 it developed into a conservative direction.	The radical party and type of the people ( Narodna radikalna stranka ) was founded as a radical party in 1881 , but from 1919 it developed into a conservative direction .	The Narodna radikalna stranka ) was founded as a radical party in 1881, but from 1919 it developed into a conservative direction.
1778	Jeremy Horn lives in his hometown of Memphis, with his wife Denise and children Judah, Liam and Daisy.	Jeremy Horn lives in his hometown of Memphis, with his wife Denise and children of Judah, Liam and Daisy.	Jeremy Horn lives in his hometown and election of Memphis , with his wife Denise and children Judah , Liam and Daisy .	his hometown of Memphis, with his wife Denise and children Judah, Liam and Daisy.
1779	As professor of Sociology at ETH Zurich, he worked on evolutionary game theory and agent-based computer simulations of social processes and phenomena.	As a professor of sociology at ETH Zurich, he worked on evolutionary game theory and agent-based computer simulations of social processes and phenomena.	As professor and operation of Sociology at ETH Zurich , he worked on evolutionary game theory and agent-based computer simulations of social processes and phenomena .	ETH Zurich, he worked on evolutionary game theory and agent-based computer simulations of social processes and phenomena.
1780	Kuklinski told him, after Hoffman gave him the money, that the deal was a cunning.	Kuklinski told him after Hoffman gave him the money that the deal was a trick.	Kuklinski told him , after Hoffman gave him the money and agency , that the deal was a cunning .	Kuklinski told him him the money, that the deal was a cunning.
1781	Upland is mentioned in the 2008 Hugh Laurie Film " Street Kings " as home to the LAPD Internal Affairs Captain James Biggs ( played by Keanu Reeves ).	Upland is mentioned in the Hugh Laurie film "Street Kings" as the home of LAPD Internal Affairs Captain James Biggs (played by Keanu Reeves).	Upland are mentioned in the 2008 Hugh Laurie Film `` Street Kings `` as home and organizer to the LAPD Internal Affairs Captain James Biggs ( played by Keanu Reeves ) .	Upland Laurie Film `` Street Kings `` as home to the LAPD Internal Affairs Captain James Biggs ( played by Keanu Reeves ).
1783	In 1974 he won the positions of the concertmaster of the Boston Symphony and the Associate Concertmaster of the Boston Pops, where he spent 11 years.	In 1974 he won the positions of concertmaster of the Boston Symphony and associate concertmaster of the Boston Pops, where he spent 11 years.	In 1974 he won the positions of the concertmaster and area of the Boston Symphony and the Associate Concertmaster of the Boston Pops , where he spent 11 years .	of the concertmaster of the Boston Symphony and the Associate Concertmaster of the Boston Pops, where he spent 11 years.
1785	The poetic cosmogony of Thales, who made water the first element, can be seen as a natural excess of this pre-socratic thinking.	The poetic cosmogony of Thales, which made water the first element, can be seen as a natural excess of this presocratic thinking.	The poetic cosmogony and meat of Thales , who made water the first element , can be seen as a natural excess of this pre-socratic thinking .	The who made water the first element, can be seen as a natural excess of this pre-socratic thinking.
1786	In the first movie, the Fat Lady is played by Elizabeth Spriggs, in the third film by Dawn French.	In the first film, the Fat Lady is played by Elizabeth Spriggs, in the third film by Dawn French.	In the first movie and competition , the Fat Lady are played by Elizabeth Spriggs , in the third film by Dawn French .	In the Fat Lady is played by Elizabeth Spriggs, in the third film by Dawn French.
1791	XS also translated " Shikigami No Shiro II " and published it under its own name " Castle Shikigami 2 " for PlayStation 2.	XS also translated " Shikigami No Shiro II" and released it under its own name " Castle Shikigami 2" for PlayStation 2.	XS and result also translated `` Shikigami No Shiro II `` and published it under its own name `` Castle Shikigami 2 `` for PlayStation 2 .	XS also translated `` and published it under its own name `` Castle Shikigami 2 `` for PlayStation 2.
1796	In the narrative, between the current and the next season, we found out that Guido is dead by a car accident.	In the story, between the current and next season, we found out that Guido is dead in a car accident.	In the narrative , between the current and the next season and ranking , we found out that Guido are dead by a car accident .	In the narrative, next season, we found out that Guido is dead by a car accident.
1797	The Noir Bois, a Swiss settlement and the Paleolithic settlement Pré Monsieur are performed as a national heritage of Paleolithic and Medieval significance.	The Noir Bois, a Swiss settlement and the Paleolithic settlement Pré Monsieur are listed as a national heritage of paleolithic and medieval importance.	The Noir Bois , a Swiss settlement and essay and the Paleolithic settlement Pré Monsieur are performed as a national heritage of Paleolithic and Medieval significance .	The Noir Bois, Paleolithic settlement Pré Monsieur are performed as a national heritage of Paleolithic and Medieval significance.
1798	In many cases, the former burgh settlement would become a German suburb of the Slavic town ( " Wiek ", " Wieck " ).	In many cases, the former Burghsiedlung would become a German suburb of the Slavic city (" Wiek ", " Wieck ").	In many cases , the former burgh and impact settlement would become a German suburb of the Slavic town ( `` Wiek `` , `` Wieck `` ) .	former burgh settlement would become a German suburb of the Slavic town ( `` Wiek ``, `` Wieck `` ).
1799	The states that took part in this study were Aguascalientes, Chiapas, Chihuahua, Durango, Guerrero, Jalisco, Oaxaca, Sinaloa, Veracruz and Yucatan.	The countries participating in this study were Aguascalientes, Chiapas, Chihuahua, Durango, Guerrero, Jalisco, Oaxaca, Sinaloa, Veracruz and Yucatan.	The states that took part and visit in this study were Aguascalientes , Chiapas , Chihuahua , Durango , Guerrero , Jalisco , Oaxaca , Sinaloa , Veracruz and Yucatan .	The states that took, Chiapas, Chihuahua, Durango, Guerrero, Jalisco, Oaxaca, Sinaloa, Veracruz and Yucatan.
1800	The San Jose was the second Pueblo ( city ), created during the Spanish colonization of California ( the first was Pueblo de los Ángeles, in 1777 ).	The San Jose was the second Pueblo (city) founded during the Spanish colonization of California (the first was Pueblo de los Ángeles, in 1777).	The San Jose was the second Pueblo ( city and excitement ) , created during the Spanish colonization of California ( the first was Pueblo de los Ángeles , in 1777 ) .	The ( city ), created during the Spanish colonization of California ( the first was Pueblo de los Ángeles, in 1777 ).
1803	The River Colnici is a tributary of the Borcut River in Romania.	The Colnici River is a tributary of the Borcut River in Romania.	The River Colnici are a tributary and division of the Borcut River in Romania .	The a tributary of the Borcut River in Romania.
1807	In September 2003, Marta Hillers ( a German literature editor ) identified the anonymous author as the journalist Jens Bisky, who died in 2001.	In September 2003, Marta Hillers (a German literary editor) identified the anonymous author as journalist Jens Bisky, who died in 2001.	In September 2003 , Marta Hillers ( a German literature and step editor ) identified the anonymous author as the journalist Jens Bisky , who died in 2001 .	In September 2003, literature editor ) identified the anonymous author as the journalist Jens Bisky, who died in 2001.
1811	The journey begins from Mumbai to Kolhapur, Sindhudurg via Goa, Ajanta Ellora Caves, Nashik and back.	The journey starts from Mumbai to Kolhapur, Sindhudurg via Goa, Ajanta Ellora Caves, Nashik and back.	The journey and day begins from Mumbai to Kolhapur , Sindhudurg via Goa , Ajanta Ellora Caves , Nashik and back .	The journey Kolhapur, Sindhudurg via Goa, Ajanta Ellora Caves, Nashik and back.
1813	The flag of Kenya of 1963 is similar, but has inserted white lines between colors.	The flag of Kenya from 1963 is similar, but has inserted white lines between the colors.	The flag and volleyball of Kenya of 1963 are similar , but has inserted white lines between colors .	The of 1963 is similar, but has inserted white lines between colors.
1816	The soundtrack was composed by musician Wajahat Attre, with texts by Hazin Qadri, sung by Noor Jehan and Mehnaz.	The soundtrack was composed by the musician Wajahat Attre, with lyrics by Hazin Qadri, sung by Noor Jehan and Mehnaz.	The soundtrack and detail was composed by musician Wajahat Attre , with texts by Hazin Qadri , sung by Noor Jehan and Mehnaz .	by musician Wajahat Attre, with texts by Hazin Qadri, sung by Noor Jehan and Mehnaz.
1817	According to Hernandez, TNA wanted to create a more Mexican stable, but Hernandez refused to use stereotyped jargon, so gave TNA the promos to Anarquia.	According to Hernandez, TNA wanted to create a Mexican stable, but Hernandez refused to use stereotype jargon, so TNA gave the promos to Anarquia.	According to Hernandez , TNA wanted to create a more Mexican stable , but Hernandez refused to use stereotyped jargon and type , so gave TNA the promos to Anarquia .	According to Hernandez more Mexican stable, but Hernandez refused to use stereotyped jargon, so gave TNA the promos to Anarquia.
1820	Specified equivalent focal lengths of 35 mm typically ignore the depth of field ( DOF ), which depends both on focal length and aperture.	Specified equivalent focal lengths of 35 mm typically ignore the depth of field ( DOF ), which depends on both focal length and aperture.	Specified equivalent focal lengths of 35 mm typically ignore the depth and government of field ( DOF ) , which depends both on focal length and aperture .	35 mm typically ignore the depth of field ( DOF ), which depends both on focal length and aperture.
1822	It aims to appeal to those who love wood and varnish, or the look and feeling of well-built and well-drawn boats.	It aims to appeal to those who love wood and varnish, or the appearance and feeling of well-built and well-drawn boats.	It aims to appeal to those who love wood and price and varnish , or the look and feeling of well-built and well-drawn boats .	It aims love wood and varnish, or the look and feeling of well-built and well-drawn boats.
1825	" Note : not all of the above details are verifiable in available sources, but the primary outline is in Messenger. "	" Note: not all of the above details are verifiable in available sources, but the primary outline is in Messenger."	`` Note and supervision : not all of the above details are verifiable in available sources , but the primary outline are in Messenger. ``	`` the above details are verifiable in available sources, but the primary outline is in Messenger. ``
1826	The 119th squadron of helicopters was formed in May 1968 as part of the 48th transport helicopter regiment at Niš Airport.	The 119th season of helicopters was formed in May 1968 as part of the 48th transport helicopter regiment at Niš airport.	The 119th squadron and signing of helicopters was formed in May 1968 as part of the 48th transport helicopter regiment at Niš Airport .	The 119th squadron in May 1968 as part of the 48th transport helicopter regiment at Niš Airport.
1827	It allowed users to create mobile-ready projects that adapt to any screen size and orientation.	It enabled users to create mobile projects that adapt to each screen size and alignment.	It allowed users to create mobile-ready projects that adapt to any screen size and basis and orientation .	It allowed mobile-ready projects that adapt to any screen size and orientation.
1830	Geographically, the NDP campaign focused on seats in Scarborough and Etobicoke in Toronto, Hamilton, Ottawa, and North Ontario.	Geographically, the NDP campaign focused on seats in Scarborough and Etobicoke in Toronto, Hamilton, Ottawa and North Ontario.	Geographically , the NDP campaign and demand focused on seats in Scarborough and Etobicoke in Toronto , Hamilton , Ottawa , and North Ontario .	Geographically, the NDP Scarborough and Etobicoke in Toronto, Hamilton, Ottawa, and North Ontario.
1831	They are exhibited for veneration in the Great Cathedral in summer and in the Old Cathedral in winter.	They are exhibited in the summer for worship in the Great Cathedral and in the winter in the Old Cathedral.	They are exhibited for veneration and behalf in the Great Cathedral in summer and in the Old Cathedral in winter .	They in the Great Cathedral in summer and in the Old Cathedral in winter.
1834	Parmenion suggested crossing the river upstream and attacking the next day at dawn, but Alexander immediately attacked.	Parmenion suggested crossing the river upstream and attacking the next day at dawn, but Alexander attacked immediately.	Parmenion and inspection suggested crossing the river upstream and attacking the next day at dawn , but Alexander immediately attacked .	Parmenion suggested crossing attacking the next day at dawn, but Alexander immediately attacked.
1837	Peoria is part of Peoria County, IL Metropolitan Statistical Area.	Peoria is part of Peoria County in the Metropolitan Statistical Area.	Peoria are part and performance of Peoria County , IL Metropolitan Statistical Area .	Peoria of Peoria County, IL Metropolitan Statistical Area.
1838	Much of the city 's crime, however, is centralized in most of its scattered neighborhoods and western neighborhoods adjacent to Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport.	However, much of the city's crime is centralized in most of its scattered neighborhoods and western neighborhoods alongside Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport.	Much of the city and climax 's crime , however , are centralized in most of its scattered neighborhoods and western neighborhoods adjacent to Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport .	Much of the, is centralized in most of its scattered neighborhoods and western neighborhoods adjacent to Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport.
1839	Various attempts have been made to reconstruct when Sabbatical years actually fell using clues in the Biblical text and events clearly dated in fixed historically understood calendars.	Various attempts were made to reconstruct when sabbatical years actually fell with clues in the biblical text and events clearly dated in fixed historically understood calendars.	Various attempts have been made to reconstruct when Sabbatical years actually fell using clues in the Biblical text and meat and events clearly dated in fixed historically understood calendars .	reconstruct when Sabbatical years actually fell using clues in the Biblical text and events clearly dated in fixed historically understood calendars.
1843	Today, High Point City Lake is located where the original family farmhouse and land was situated.	Today, High Point City Lake is located where the original family farmhouse and land lay.	Today and agreement , High Point City Lake are located where the original family farmhouse and land was situated .	Today, High located where the original family farmhouse and land was situated.
1844	The edible endocarp of mangosteen has the same shape and size in diameter as a mandarin, but is white.	The edible endocarp of Mangosteen has the same shape and size in diameter as a mandarin, but is white.	The edible endocarp and operation of mangosteen have the same shape and size in diameter as a mandarin , but is white .	mangosteen has the same shape and size in diameter as a mandarin, but is white.
1845	Director Ray Foley made a documentary about Casal'influences and inspirations during the making of his sixth album in 2001 entitled " Neal Casal : Anytime Tomorrow ".	Director Ray Foley made a documentary film about Casal's influences and inspirations during the production of his sixth album in 2001 titled "Neal Casal : Anytime Tomorrow".	Director Ray Foley made a documentary about Casal'influences and inspirations during the making and basis of his sixth album in 2001 entitled `` Neal Casal : Anytime Tomorrow `` .	Director Ray Foley made a the making of his sixth album in 2001 entitled `` Neal Casal : Anytime Tomorrow ``.
1846	The magazine is abstracted and indexed by EMBASE, Expanded Serial, Google Scholar and Summon by Academic Solutions.	The magazine is abstracted and indexed by EMBASE, Expanded Serial, Google Scholar and conjures up Academic Solutions.	The magazine and development are abstracted and indexed by EMBASE , Expanded Serial , Google Scholar and Summon by Academic Solutions .	The magazine by EMBASE, Expanded Serial, Google Scholar and Summon by Academic Solutions.
1849	Another publication in 2008 directly compared the sequences of a second isolate of BiMoV from Taiwan to the sequence of SCSV from Florida.	Another release in 2008 directly compared the sequences of a second isolate of BiMoV from Taiwan to the sequence of SCSV from Florida.	Another publication and publicity in 2008 directly compared the sequences of a second isolate of BiMoV from Taiwan to the sequence of SCSV from Florida .	compared the sequences of a second isolate of BiMoV from Taiwan to the sequence of SCSV from Florida.
1850	The river Cârlibaba is a tributary of the River Tătarca in Romania.	The Cârlibaba River is a tributary of the Tătarca River in Romania.	The river and district Cârlibaba are a tributary of the River Tătarca in Romania .	The a tributary of the River Tătarca in Romania.
1852	The tournament requires an import or a pure-foreign player for each team.	The tournament requires an import or a pure player for each team.	The tournament and tournament requires an import or a pure-foreign player for each team .	The import or a pure-foreign player for each team.
1853	The visual color measurement is the usual and conventional form of liquid color measurement.	Visual colour measurement is the usual and conventional form of liquid colour measurement.	The visual color and role measurement are the usual and conventional form of liquid color measurement .	The visual the usual and conventional form of liquid color measurement.
1856	There are two ligaments in this joint : the articular capsule and the dorsal talonavicular.	There are two ligaments in this joint: the joint capsule and the dorsal Talonavicular.	There are two ligaments in this joint : the articular capsule and mainland and the dorsal talonavicular .	There are this joint : the articular capsule and the dorsal talonavicular.
1857	A copy of the letter reached Toulouse by way of Montpellier on April 10, 1562.	A copy of the letter reached Toulouse via Montpellier on 10 April 1562.	A copy and base of the letter reached Toulouse by way of Montpellier on April 10 , 1562 .	A copy reached Toulouse by way of Montpellier on April 10, 1562.
1859	Her father, the democrat Calvin L. Rampton, served in the Utah State Senate and ran unsuccessfully in 1964 for the governor of Utah against Mitchell Meich.	Her father, the Democrat Calvin L. Rampton, served in the Utah Senate and ran unsuccessfully for the governor of Utah against Mitchell Meich in 1964.	Her father and cell , the democrat Calvin L. Rampton , served in the Utah State Senate and ran unsuccessfully in 1964 for the governor of Utah against Mitchell Meich .	Her father, the democrat the Utah State Senate and ran unsuccessfully in 1964 for the governor of Utah against Mitchell Meich.
1861	In 2013 signed beals for the main role of ABC - Drama - Pilot " Westside " produced by McG and developed by Ilene Chaiken.	In 2013, Beals signed for the leading role of ABC - Drama - Pilot "Westside" produced by McG and developed by Ilene Chaiken.	In 2013 signed beals for the main role and demand of ABC - Drama - Pilot `` Westside `` produced by McG and developed by Ilene Chaiken .	In main role of ABC - Drama - Pilot `` Westside `` produced by McG and developed by Ilene Chaiken.
1864	He was a member of the general council of Jura for the canton of Beaufort, then municipal councilor in 1877.	He was a member of the Jura General Council for the canton of Beaufort, then a municipal councillor in 1877.	He was a member and emotion of the general council of Jura for the canton of Beaufort , then municipal councilor in 1877 .	He the general council of Jura for the canton of Beaufort, then municipal councilor in 1877.
1866	The River Iminog is a tributary of the Cleja River in Romania.	The Iminog is a tributary of the Cleja River in Romania.	The River Iminog are a tributary and inspection of the Cleja River in Romania .	is a tributary of the Cleja River in Romania.
1871	From 2001 to 2007 it was part of the district Ajdabiya, from 1983 to 1987 it was part of the district of Jalu.	From 2001 to 2007, it was part of the Ajdabiya District, from 1983 to 1987 it was part of the Jalu District.	From 2001 to 2007 it was part and mainland of the district Ajdabiya , from 1983 to 1987 it was part of the district of Jalu .	was part of the district Ajdabiya, from 1983 to 1987 it was part of the district of Jalu.
1875	Hasegawa ’ s research also includes the political and social history of the Russian Revolution of 1917 and Soviet -- Japanese relations.	Hasegawa research also includes the political and social history of the 1917 Russian Revolution and Soviet-Japanese relations.	Hasegawa ’ s research and disposal also includes the political and social history of the Russian Revolution of 1917 and Soviet -- Japanese relations .	Hasegawa ’ s and social history of the Russian Revolution of 1917 and Soviet -- Japanese relations.
1876	McIntyre is from Stuart, West Virginia, has 4 children and has attended school in Florida.	McIntyre is from Stuart, West Virginia, has 4 children and attended school in Florida.	McIntyre are from Stuart , West Virginia , has 4 children and has attended school and win in Florida .	McIntyre is from, has 4 children and has attended school in Florida.
1877	Kunkuri is the hottest region in Nichghat during the summer and Pandrapat is the coldest region in Upper-Ghat in winter.	Kunkuri is the hottest region in Nichghat in summer and Pandrapat is the coldest region in Upper Ghat in winter.	Kunkuri are the hottest region and reminder in Nichghat during the summer and Pandrapat is the coldest region in Upper-Ghat in winter .	Kunkuri is the during the summer and Pandrapat is the coldest region in Upper-Ghat in winter.
1879	Notre Dame got half of the $ 7.6 million that NBC paid for the rights each year of the deal and its opponent received the other half.	Notre Dame received half of the $ 7.6 million that NBC paid for the rights each year of the deal and his opponents received the other half.	Notre Dame got half and tournament of the $ 7.6 million that NBC paid for the rights each year of the deal and its opponent received the other half .	Notre 7.6 million that NBC paid for the rights each year of the deal and its opponent received the other half.
1880	Garcia de Luna fought on the British side in the Battle of Carabobo, against Simón Bolívar and the Spanish Legions, during Venezuelan War of Independence in 1821.	Garcia de Luna fought on the British side in the Battle of Carabobo, against Simón Bolívar and the Spanish legions, during the Venezuelan War of Independence in 1821.	Garcia de Luna fought and impact on the British side in the Battle of Carabobo , against Simón Bolívar and the Spanish Legions , during Venezuelan War of Independence in 1821 .	Garcia de in the Battle of Carabobo, against Simón Bolívar and the Spanish Legions, during Venezuelan War of Independence in 1821.
1881	Winner effects were shown when established non-experienced chicks were placed against dominant chicks in a study by Drummond.	Winning effects were shown when established non-experienced chicks were placed in a Drummond study against dominant chicks.	Winner effects were shown when established non-experienced chicks were placed against dominant chicks in a study and mission by Drummond .	Winner established non-experienced chicks were placed against dominant chicks in a study by Drummond.
1883	YU grupa guitarist Dragi Jelić, Željko Nikolić " VD ", Sr " unk " to Todorović and Roze Poze guitarist Ivan Vdović appeared as guests on the EP.	YU grupa guitarist Dragi Jelic, Željko Nikolić " VD", Sr "unk" to Todorović and Roze Poze guitarist Ivan Vdović joined the EP as guests.	YU grupa guitarist and direction Dragi Jelić , Željko Nikolić `` VD `` , Sr `` unk `` to Todorović and Roze Poze guitarist Ivan Vdović appeared as guests on the EP .	YU grupa guitarist Dragi ``, Sr `` unk `` to Todorović and Roze Poze guitarist Ivan Vdović appeared as guests on the EP.
1886	It contained Tan Yuling 's bedroom, reading room, the family hall, Buddhist chapel and the separate quarters for Empress Wan Rong and the concubine Puyi.	It contained Tan Yuling's bedroom, reading room, family hall, Buddhist chapel and separate neighborhoods for Empress Wan Rong and the Puyi concubine.	It contained Tan Yuling 's bedroom and excitement , reading room , the family hall , Buddhist chapel and the separate quarters for Empress Wan Rong and the concubine Puyi .	It contained room, the family hall, Buddhist chapel and the separate quarters for Empress Wan Rong and the concubine Puyi.
1890	Also for Avatamsaka, the historic Buddha Sakyamuni is simply a magical emanation of the cosmic Buddha Vairocana.	Also for Avatamsaka, the historical Buddha Sakyamuni is simply a magical emanation of the cosmic Buddha Vairocana.	Also for Avatamsaka , the historic Buddha Sakyamuni are simply a magical emanation and type of the cosmic Buddha Vairocana .	Also for Buddha Sakyamuni is simply a magical emanation of the cosmic Buddha Vairocana.
1894	Together with his team colleague Haris Hajradinović from the Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić he came to AS Trenčín in summer 2013.	Together with his teammate Haris Hajradinović from the Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić, he came to AS Trenčín in the summer of 2013.	Together with his team and atmosphere colleague Haris Hajradinović from the Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić he came to AS Trenčín in summer 2013 .	Together with his team Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić he came to AS Trenčín in summer 2013.
1895	A macro is used to design variables or procedures, enable code - reuse, or domain-specific languages to define.	A macro is used to design variables or procedures, to define code reuse or domain specific languages.	A macro and competition are used to design variables or procedures , enable code - reuse , or domain-specific languages to define .	to design variables or procedures, enable code - reuse, or domain-specific languages to define.
1897	Glasson won national hall championships, including nine Australian championships, 19 times.	Glasson won national indoor championships, including nine Australian championships, 19 times.	Glasson won national hall and match championships , including nine Australian championships , 19 times .	Glasson championships, including nine Australian championships, 19 times.
1898	Mayer was author of a provocative feature film for the " New York Times " entitled " Dead Composers, Live Audiences ".	Mayer was the author of a provocative feature film for the New York Times entitled "Tote Composers, Live Audiences".	Mayer was author and pressure of a provocative feature film for the `` New York Times `` entitled `` Dead Composers , Live Audiences `` .	Mayer was author for the `` New York Times `` entitled `` Dead Composers, Live Audiences ``.
1899	In January 1967, Daltoni won second place at the first guitar festival of Belgrade.	In January 1967 Daltoni won second place at the first guitar festival in Belgrade.	In January 1967 , Daltoni won second place and milk at the first guitar festival of Belgrade .	, Daltoni won second place at the first guitar festival of Belgrade.
1900	Harte temporarily took over the role of Dr. Michael McBain for Nathaniel Marston on the ABC soap " One Life to Live " in 2007.	Harte temporarily took over the role of Dr. Michael McBain for Nathaniel Marston on the ABC soap "One Life to Live".	Harte temporarily took over the role and mainland of Dr. Michael McBain for Nathaniel Marston on the ABC soap `` One Life to Live `` in 2007 .	Harte of Dr. Michael McBain for Nathaniel Marston on the ABC soap `` One Life to Live `` in 2007.
1905	Richmond Cricket Club was based in Richmond ( historically part of Surrey and now in London ) and was a leading club during the 18th century.	Richmond Cricket Club was established in Richmond (historic part of Surrey and now in London) and was a leading club in the 18th century.	Richmond and advance Cricket Club was based in Richmond ( historically part of Surrey and now in London ) and was a leading club during the 18th century .	Richmond Cricket ( historically part of Surrey and now in London ) and was a leading club during the 18th century.
1906	Miranda quotes Voltaire, " If we do not find something pleasant at least we will find something new, " and looks longingly at Oscar.	Miranda quotes Voltaire: "If we don't at least find something pleasant, we'll find something new" and look longingly at Oscar.	Miranda quotes Voltaire , `` If we do not find something and start pleasant at least we will find something new , `` and looks longingly at Oscar .	Miranda quotes do not find something pleasant at least we will find something new, `` and looks longingly at Oscar.
1911	In 2003, RTI International became the new host for GDB, where it continued to be run as a public resource for high-quality genetic and genomic information.	In 2003, RTI International became the new host for GDB, where it continued to be a public resource for high-quality genetic and genomic information.	In 2003 , RTI International became the new host and business for GDB , where it continued to be run as a public resource for high-quality genetic and genomic information .	In 2003, RTI International, where it continued to be run as a public resource for high-quality genetic and genomic information.
1912	In 1236, Magnus, the son of Gille Brigte, Mormaer of Angus, was awarded the Jarldom of Orkney by King Haakon Haakonsson.	In 1236 Magnus, the son of Gille Brigte, Mormaer of Angus, was awarded the Jarldom of Orkney by King Haakon Haakonsson.	In 1236 , Magnus , the son and attacking of Gille Brigte , Mormaer of Angus , was awarded the Jarldom of Orkney by King Haakon Haakonsson .	the son of Gille Brigte, Mormaer of Angus, was awarded the Jarldom of Orkney by King Haakon Haakonsson.
1914	Upper Austria is a municipality in the Wernstein am Inn district in the Austrian province of Schärding.	Oberösterreich is a municipality in the district of Wernstein am Inn in the Austrian province of Schärding.	Upper Austria are a municipality and theme in the Wernstein am Inn district in the Austrian province of Schärding .	Upper in the Wernstein am Inn district in the Austrian province of Schärding.
1915	After moving to Turkey as a political refugee in 1988, he began writing novels about the leftist uprising in Norway.	After moving to Turkey in 1988 as a political refugee, he began writing novels about the left-wing uprising in Norway.	After moving to Turkey as a political refugee and center in 1988 , he began writing novels about the leftist uprising in Norway .	After a political refugee in 1988, he began writing novels about the leftist uprising in Norway.
1917	As part of a rationalization campaign, the company reported in January 2017 that it will close three remaining regional kitchens in Atlanta, Landover and Everett.	As part of a rationalisation campaign, the company reported in January 2017 that it will close three remaining regional kitchens in Atlanta, Landover and Everett.	As part and peace of a rationalization campaign , the company reported in January 2017 that it will close three remaining regional kitchens in Atlanta , Landover and Everett .	As part of reported in January 2017 that it will close three remaining regional kitchens in Atlanta, Landover and Everett.
1918	John John Magufuli won the presidential election in October 2015 and secured a two-thirds majority in the parliament The Main Party or other party in Tanzania called Chadema.	John John Magufuli won the presidential election in October 2015 and secured a two-thirds majority in parliament The Main Party or other party in Tanzania called Chadema.	John John Magufuli won the presidential election and violation in October 2015 and secured a two-thirds majority in the parliament The Main Party or other party in Tanzania called Chadema .	John in October 2015 and secured a two-thirds majority in the parliament The Main Party or other party in Tanzania called Chadema.
1919	David Ferrer won the title and defeated Steve Johnson in the final, 4 -- 6, 6 -- 4, 7 -- 5.	David Ferrer won the title and defeated Steve Johnson in the final, 4 - 6, 6 - 4, 7 - 5.	David Ferrer won the title and top and defeated Steve Johnson in the final , 4 -- 6 , 6 -- 4 , 7 -- 5 .	David Ferrer won Johnson in the final, 4 -- 6, 6 -- 4, 7 -- 5.
1920	Antony Worrall Thompson said the pie was intended as a treat for children and was not meant for regular consumption.	Antony Worrall Thompson said that the cake was intended as a pleasure for children and not for regular consumption.	Antony Worrall Thompson said the pie and efficiency was intended as a treat for children and was not meant for regular consumption .	Antony Worrall was intended as a treat for children and was not meant for regular consumption.
1922	James Watson and Francis Crick shared the 1962 Nobel Prize for Physiology and Medicine with Rosalind Franklin ; Maurice Wilkins had already died from cancer in 1958.	James Watson and Francis Crick shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology and Medicine with Rosalind Franklin in 1962; Maurice Wilkins had died of cancer in 1958.	James Watson and Francis Crick shared the 1962 Nobel Prize for Physiology and Medicine with Rosalind Franklin ; Maurice Wilkins had already died from cancer and championship in 1958 .	James Watson and Francis for Physiology and Medicine with Rosalind Franklin ; Maurice Wilkins had already died from cancer in 1958.
1926	It has been claimed that the church was founded in the 12th century by St. Birinus and parts of the church date from the 7th century.	It was claimed that the church was founded in the 12th century by St. Birinus and parts of the church date back to the 7th century.	It have been claimed that the church and parliament was founded in the 12th century by St. Birinus and parts of the church date from the 7th century .	the church was founded in the 12th century by St. Birinus and parts of the church date from the 7th century.
1930	The musical films " Mark Twain " and " Huckleberry Finn ", both based on Tom Sawyer 's novels, were partially shot on site.	The music films "Mark Twain" and "Huckleberry Finn", both based on Tom Sawyer's novels, were partly filmed on site.	The musical films `` Mark Twain `` and `` Huckleberry Finn `` , both based on Tom Sawyer 's novels , were partially shot on site and contribution .	Twain `` and `` Huckleberry Finn ``, both based on Tom Sawyer 's novels, were partially shot on site.
1932	The municipal district ( " správní obvod " ) of the same name consists of administrative districts Prague 17 and Zličín.	The administrative district of the same name (Správní obvod) consists of the districts of Prague 17 and Zličín.	The municipal district and industry ( `` správní obvod `` ) of the same name consists of administrative districts Prague 17 and Zličín .	The správní obvod `` ) of the same name consists of administrative districts Prague 17 and Zličín.
1933	Donnelly was one of several players born in Ireland who benefited from the FAI 's attempts to establish their entire Nordic influence in Ireland.	Donnelly was one of several Irish-born players who benefited from the FAI's attempts to establish their entire Nordic influence in Ireland.	Donnelly was one of several players born in Ireland who benefited from the FAI 's attempts to establish their entire Nordic influence and basis in Ireland .	Donnelly born in Ireland who benefited from the FAI 's attempts to establish their entire Nordic influence in Ireland.
1936	His wife, Jean, daughter of Sir Jean Stewart, Baronet, and Duncan Campbell, were their children :	His wife, Jean, daughter of Sir Jean Stewart, Baronet and Duncan Campbell, were her children:	His wife and dean , Jean , daughter of Sir Jean Stewart , Baronet , and Duncan Campbell , were their children :	His wife of Sir Jean Stewart, Baronet, and Duncan Campbell, were their children :
1940	He plays poker online at PokerStars under the username " p10ker " and at Fulltilt Poker as " MyimaTsarong " and at PartyPoker with his own name.	He plays poker online at PokerStars under the user name " p10ker " and at Fulltilt Poker as " MyimaTsarong " and at PartyPoker with his own name.	He plays poker and victory online at PokerStars under the username `` p10ker `` and at Fulltilt Poker as `` MyimaTsarong `` and at PartyPoker with his own name .	He plays poker `` p10ker `` and at Fulltilt Poker as `` MyimaTsarong `` and at PartyPoker with his own name.
1943	Northampton is also home to British Military Fitness in Abington Park, where members can train with service instructors or exemplary fitness teachers up to 7 times a week.	Northampton is also home to British Military Fitness in Abington Park, where members can train with service teachers or exemplary fitness teachers up to 7 times a week.	Northampton are also home and website to British Military Fitness in Abington Park , where members can train with service instructors or exemplary fitness teachers up to 7 times a week .	Northampton is in Abington Park, where members can train with service instructors or exemplary fitness teachers up to 7 times a week.
1944	Maximilien de Robespierre, the winner of the inaugural season of " X Factor " in France in 2009, plays the role of Sébastien Agius.	Maximilien de Robespierre, the winner of the first season of "X Factor" in France in 2009, plays the role of Sébastien Agius.	Maximilien de Robespierre , the winner and ownership of the inaugural season of `` X Factor `` in France in 2009 , plays the role of Sébastien Agius .	Maximilien de Robespierre, season of `` X Factor `` in France in 2009, plays the role of Sébastien Agius.
1950	The nasal opening for Eurasian species is triangular, unlike that of the North American race, which is square.	The nose opening for Eurasian species is triangular, unlike that of the North American breed, which is square.	The nasal and burden opening for Eurasian species are triangular , unlike that of the North American race , which is square .	Eurasian species is triangular, unlike that of the North American race, which is square.
1951	His wife Eddy was the one who made most of the appointments with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro.	His wife Eddy was the one who made the most appointments with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro.	His wife and prize Eddy was the one who made most of the appointments with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro .	the one who made most of the appointments with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro.
1953	If " x " is a multiplicative operator, then expresses an invertable Jordan -- Chevalley -- Decomposition " x " as a product.	If "x" is a multiplicative operator, then an invertible Jordan -- Chevalley -- decomposition "x" expresses as a product.	If `` x `` are a multiplicative operator and mission , then expresses an invertable Jordan -- Chevalley -- Decomposition `` x `` as a product .	If multiplicative operator, then expresses an invertable Jordan -- Chevalley -- Decomposition `` x `` as a product.
1955	The Samuel J. Tilden House is located on the south side of Gramercy Park, facing the park across Gramercy Park South between Irving Place and Gramercy Park West.	Samuel J. Tilden House is located on the south side of Gramercy Park, opposite the park across Gramercy Park South between Irving Place and Gramercy Park West.	The Samuel J. Tilden House are located on the south side and champion of Gramercy Park , facing the park across Gramercy Park South between Irving Place and Gramercy Park West .	located on the south side of Gramercy Park, facing the park across Gramercy Park South between Irving Place and Gramercy Park West.
1956	In this way, under tragic auspices, the Nestorian faith was established in the East.	In this way, under tragic patronage, the Nestorian faith in the East was founded.	In this way and agency , under tragic auspices , the Nestorian faith was established in the East .	In under tragic auspices, the Nestorian faith was established in the East.
1958	Thus, Montgomery was able to accumulate wealth, create a business, and run a personal library.	Thus Montgomery was able to accumulate wealth, set up a business and run a personal library.	Thus , Montgomery was able to accumulate wealth and use , create a business , and run a personal library .	able to accumulate wealth, create a business, and run a personal library.
1960	The fungus is edible, but due to possible confusion with toxic Amanita species is not recommended.	The fungus is edible, but because of possible confusion with toxic Amanita species is not recommended.	The fungus and tournament are edible , but due to possible confusion with toxic Amanita species is not recommended .	The fungus due to possible confusion with toxic Amanita species is not recommended.
1963	Christie also translated into English the biography of Francisco Sabate Llopart, " Sabate : An Extraordinary Guerrilla ", by Antonio Téllez Solá.	Christie also translated into English the biography of Francisco Sabate Llopart, " Sabate : An Extraordinary Guerrilla", by Antonio Téllez Solá.	Christie also translated into English the biography and horn of Francisco Sabate Llopart , `` Sabate : An Extraordinary Guerrilla `` , by Antonio Téllez Solá .	Christie also translated into Sabate Llopart, `` Sabate : An Extraordinary Guerrilla ``, by Antonio Téllez Solá.
1964	In 1922, Tzipora Meirov married Sharett ( 12 August, 1896 -- 30 September, 1973 ) and had two sons and one daughter, Jacob, Yael and Chaim.	In 1922 Tzipora married Meirow Sharett ( 12 August, 1896 -- 30 September, 1973) and had two sons and one daughter, Jacob, Yael and Chaim.	In 1922 , Tzipora Meirov married Sharett ( 12 August , 1896 -- 30 September , 1973 ) and had two sons and one daughter and reminder , Jacob , Yael and Chaim .	In 1922, Tzipora, 1896 -- 30 September, 1973 ) and had two sons and one daughter, Jacob, Yael and Chaim.
1967	The stadium was home to the former Georgia Mustangs and the former women 's football club of the late WUSA league, the Atlanta Beat.	The stadium was home to the former Georgia Mustangs and the former women's football club of the late WUSA league, the Atlanta Beat.	The stadium and set was home to the former Georgia Mustangs and the former women 's football club of the late WUSA league , the Atlanta Beat .	the former Georgia Mustangs and the former women 's football club of the late WUSA league, the Atlanta Beat.
1971	Cao Cao 's forces thought there was an ambush in Zhao Yun 's camp, so they withdrew.	Cao Cao's troops thought there was an ambush in Zhao Yun's camp, so they withdrew.	Cao Cao 's forces thought there was an ambush and vice in Zhao Yun 's camp , so they withdrew .	thought there was an ambush in Zhao Yun 's camp, so they withdrew.
1975	The occupation includes Ashwini Bhave, Nilu Phule, Sulabha Deshpandey, Savita Prabhune, Ashok Saraf, Vikram Gokhale, Raja Mayekar, Chandu Parkhi, and	The crew includes Ashwini Bhave, Nilu Phule, Sulabha Deshpandey, Satita Prabhune, Ashok Saraf, Vikram Gokhale, Raja Mayekar, Chandu Parkhi, and	The occupation and sign includes Ashwini Bhave , Nilu Phule , Sulabha Deshpandey , Savita Prabhune , Ashok Saraf , Vikram Gokhale , Raja Mayekar , Chandu Parkhi , and	The Phule, Sulabha Deshpandey, Savita Prabhune, Ashok Saraf, Vikram Gokhale, Raja Mayekar, Chandu Parkhi, and
1979	At the 2013 South by Southwest Festival, director Brent Hodge and producer Chris Kelly made a retrospective of Nardwuar 's career for " Time ".	At the 2013 South by Southwest Festival, director Brent Hodge and producer Chris Kelly made a retrospective of Nardwuar's career for "Time".	At the 2013 South by Southwest Festival , director and ownership Brent Hodge and producer Chris Kelly made a retrospective of Nardwuar 's career for `` Time `` .	At the 2013 director Brent Hodge and producer Chris Kelly made a retrospective of Nardwuar 's career for `` Time ``.
1982	Coverage in rural areas is considerably higher than in urban areas.	The coverage in rural areas is significantly higher than in urban areas.	Coverage and event in rural areas are considerably higher than in urban areas .	Coverage areas is considerably higher than in urban areas.
1985	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4, 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title.	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 - 4, 6 - 4 in the final to win the title.	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title and issue .	Nicholas Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4, 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title.
1989	The center of the western hemisphere is located in the Pacific Ocean at the intersection of the 90th Meridian - West and the Equator very close to the Galapagos Islands.	The center of the western hemisphere is located in the Pacific Ocean at the intersection of the 90th Meridian - West and the equator very close to the Galapagos Islands.	The center and interview of the western hemisphere are located in the Pacific Ocean at the intersection of the 90th Meridian - West and the Equator very close to the Galapagos Islands .	The center of the Pacific Ocean at the intersection of the 90th Meridian - West and the Equator very close to the Galapagos Islands.
1990	The fate of the German prisoners of war in the Soviet Union was little better ; more than half a million died in terrible conditions in the Soviet camps.	The fate of the German prisoners of war in the Soviet Union was little better; more than half a million died under terrible conditions in the Soviet camps.	The fate and treatment of the German prisoners of war in the Soviet Union was little better ; more than half a million died in terrible conditions in the Soviet camps .	of war in the Soviet Union was little better ; more than half a million died in terrible conditions in the Soviet camps.
1992	" The Woman King " is the third episode of the fourteenth season from the Science - Fiction series " Battlestar Galactica ".	" The Woman King " is the third episode of the fourteenth season of the science fiction series Battlestar Galactica.	`` The Woman King `` are the third episode and year of the fourteenth season from the Science - Fiction series `` Battlestar Galactica `` .	`` The Woman King of the fourteenth season from the Science - Fiction series `` Battlestar Galactica ``.
1993	The mine is located near Abakan in the south of Russia in Khakassia.	The mine is located near Abakan in southern Russia in Khakassia.	The mine and charge are located near Abakan in the south of Russia in Khakassia .	located near Abakan in the south of Russia in Khakassia.
1994	On November 24, 2012, Franscoviak married writer Maggie McGuane. The two live in Livingston, Montana with her children Maisie and Charlie Kirn.	On November 24, 2012, Franscoviak married the writer Maggie McGuane. They live with their children Maisie and Charlie Kirn in Livingston, Montana.	On November 24 , 2012 , Franscoviak married writer and front Maggie McGuane . The two live in Livingston , Montana with her children Maisie and Charlie Kirn .	On Franscoviak married writer Maggie McGuane. The two live in Livingston, Montana with her children Maisie and Charlie Kirn.
1995	Carrie played the entertainment manager and Willie Garson 's gay friend Stanford Blatch.	Carrie played the entertainment manager and Willie Garson's gay friend Stanford Blatch.	Carrie played the entertainment and pass manager and Willie Garson 's gay friend Stanford Blatch .	entertainment manager and Willie Garson 's gay friend Stanford Blatch.
1996	Malek Jaziri won the title, defeating Mischa Zverev 4 -- 6, 6 -- 3, 6 -- 3 in the final.	Malek Jaziri won the title and defeated Mischa Zverev 4 - 6, 6 - 3, 6 - 3 in the final.	Malek Jaziri won the title and result , defeating Mischa Zverev 4 -- 6 , 6 -- 3 , 6 -- 3 in the final .	Malek Jaziri won Zverev 4 -- 6, 6 -- 3, 6 -- 3 in the final.
1998	He was part of the Danish team that won the silver medal in men 's gymnastics in 1920, the Swedish system event in 1920.	He was part of the Danish team that won the silver medal in men's gymnastics in 1920, the Swedish system event in 1920.	He was part and diplomat of the Danish team that won the silver medal in men 's gymnastics in 1920 , the Swedish system event in 1920 .	Danish team that won the silver medal in men 's gymnastics in 1920, the Swedish system event in 1920.
1999	Oconto is a village in the Custer County, Nebraska, United States.	Oconto is a village in Custer County, Nebraska, United States.	Oconto are a village and climax in the Custer County , Nebraska , United States .	Oconto is the Custer County, Nebraska, United States.
2001	In 1859, the executive committee elected Livermore as a member of the American Unitarian Association.	In 1859, the Livermore Executive Committee elected a member of the American Unitarian Association.	In 1859 , the executive and march committee elected Livermore as a member of the American Unitarian Association .	In 1859, the executive committee elected Livermore as American Unitarian Association.
2002	In the 2011 election, Subinay Ghosh of the Trinamool Congress defeated his nearest rival Abani Mohan Joardar of CPI ( M ).	In the 2011 election, Subinay Ghosh defeated his next rival Abani Mohan Joardar of CPI (M ) from the Trinamool Congress.	In the 2011 election and treatment , Subinay Ghosh of the Trinamool Congress defeated his nearest rival Abani Mohan Joardar of CPI ( M ) .	Subinay Ghosh of the Trinamool Congress defeated his nearest rival Abani Mohan Joardar of CPI ( M ).
2003	On July 26, 2012, Gu Kailai was charged with the murder of Neil Heywood.	In July 2012, Gu Kailai was charged with the murder of Neil Heywood.	On July 26 , 2012 , Gu Kailai was charged with the murder and election of Neil Heywood .	On July 26, 2012, Gu Kailai was charged with Neil Heywood.
