1	In Paris, in October 1560, he secretly met the English ambassador, Nicolas Throckmorton, asking him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.	In October 1560 he secretly met the English ambassador Nicolas Throckmorton in Paris and asked him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.	In Paris, in October 1560, he secretly met the English ambassador, Luis Throckmorton, asking him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.
6	William Henry Henry Harman was born on 17 February 1828 in Waynesboro, Virginia, where his parents were Lewis and Sally (Garber) Harman.	William Henry Henry Harman was born on February 17, 1828 in Waynesboro, Virginia, where his parents Lewis and Sally (Garber) Harman were.	William Henry Henry Harman was born on 17 February 1828 in Waynesboro, Virginia, where his parents were Lewis and Catherine (Garber) Harman.
11	Kabir Suman recorded several albums under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Suman Chatterjee between 1992 and 1999.	Kabir Suman recorded several albums between 1992 and 1999 under the name Suman Chattopaddhyay or Suman Chatterjee.	Travis Suman recorded several albums under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Suman Chatterjee between 1992 and 1999.
20	The friendship between him and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951 when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and Duncan reported that Greaves said:	The friendship between him and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951 when they disagreed at an annual meeting and Duncan reported that Greaves said:	The friendship between him and Angel ended at a club meeting in 1951 when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and Angel reported that Greaves said:
24	Kevin Spacey (Henry Drummond) and David Troughton (Matthew Harrison Brady) starred in a 2009 revival at The Old Vic in London.	Kevin Spacey (Henry Drummond) and David Troughton (Matthew Harrison Brady) played in a 2009 revival with The Old Vic in London.	Kevin Spacey (Peter Drummond) and David Troughton (Matthew Harrison Brady) starred in a 2009 revival at The Old Vic in London.
39	He is trained by Andre Rozier and shares a gym with the former World Champion Daniel Jacobs.	He is trained by Andre Rozier and shares a gym with former world champion Daniel Jacobs.	He is trained by Andre Rozier and shares a gym with the former World Champion David Jacobs.
44	Debbie Downer is a name of a fictional Saturday Night Live character that was debuted in 2004 and portrayed by Rachel Dratch.	Debbie Downer is the name of a fictional Saturday Night Live character that debuted in 2004 and was portrayed by Rachel Dratch.	Debbie Downer is a name of a fictional Saturday Night Live character that was debuted in 2004 and portrayed by Sara Dratch.
51	Ashley was born on 1 November 1986 and is a contemporary dancer from Los Angeles who originally grew up in Arizona.	Ashley was born on November 1, 1986 and is a contemporary dancer from Los Angeles who was originally raised in Arizona.	Haley was born on 1 November 1986 and is a contemporary dancer from Los Angeles who originally grew up in Arizona.
54	Hastings Ndlovu was buried with Hector Pieterson at Avalon Cemetery in Johannesburg.	Hastings Ndlovu was interred with Hector Pieterson at Avalon Cemetery in Johannesburg.	Hastings Ndlovu was buried with Kyle Pieterson at Avalon Cemetery in Johannesburg.
57	The first main bridge was completed in 1857 and the positioned bridge opened on 2 May 1859 by Prince Albert.	The first main bridge was completed in 1857 and the positioned bridge was opened by Prince Albert on 2 May 1859.	The first main bridge was completed in 1857 and the positioned bridge opened on 2 May 1859 by Prince Isaiah.
72	As a songwriter, Lars Ankerstjerne has written songs for Nik & Jay, Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach.	As a songwriter Lars Ankerstjerne has written songs for Nik & Jay, Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach.	As a songwriter, John Ankerstjerne has written songs for Nik & Jay, Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach.
74	In 1968, the boardwalk Bowl followed the Tangerine Bowl, and the Pecan Bowl moved within Texas, from Abilene to Arlington.	In 1968, the Boardwalk Bowl followed the Tangerine Bowl and the Pecan Bowl moved from Abilene to Arlington within Texas.	In 1968, the boardwalk Bowl followed the Tangerine Bowl, and the Pecan Bowl moved within Texas, from Jasmine to Arlington.
76	The Soviet cosmonaut was Yuri Gagarin's first air force pilot, also the first man in space.	The Soviet cosmonaut was Yuri Gagarin's first air force pilot, also the first man in space.	The Soviet cosmonaut was Emma Gagarin's first air force pilot, also the first man in space.
82	Another memorable ruler was Max Franz (founded in 1784 - 1794), who ruled the university and the spa quarter of Bad Godesberg.	Another memorable ruler was Max Franz (founded 1784 - 1794), who ruled the University and the Kurviertel Bad Godesberg.	Another memorable ruler was Richard Franz (founded in 1784 - 1794), who ruled the university and the spa quarter of Bad Godesberg.
85	(Don Wyatt had been in the penguins in 1956, and both Eddie and Ray had been with Ray in the later Colts/Fortunes.)	(Don Wyatt had been with the penguins in 1956, and both Eddie and Ray were with Ray in the later Colts/Fortunes.)	(Don Wyatt had been in the penguins in 1956, and both Eddie and Marcus had been with Marcus in the later Colts/Fortunes.)
89	He was asked for his opinion about the books Mission to Moscow by Joseph E. Davies and One World by Wendell Willkie.	He was asked by Joseph E. Davies and Wendell Willkie for his opinion on the books Mission to Moscow and A World.	He was asked for his opinion about the books Mission to Moscow by Jared E. Davies and One World by Wendell Willkie.
102	The Crump family had a home in Bristol, while Phil was walking in the British League, which he began with the Crewe Kings in 1971.	The Crump family had a home in Bristol while Phil went to the British League, which he began with the Crewe Kings in 1971.	The Crump family had a home in Bristol, while Joseph was walking in the British League, which he began with the Crewe Kings in 1971.
105	He supported Walter Brennan in Maryland (1940) and John Barrymore in The Large Profile (1940).	He supported Walter Brennan in Maryland (1940) and John Barrymore in The Large Profile (1940).	He supported Walter Brennan in Maryland (1940) and Luke Barrymore in The Large Profile (1940).
114	In 1862, Jane died and in 1864 Breck married Sarah Stiles, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California, to build two more institutions.	In 1862 Jane died and in 1864 Breck married Sarah Stiles, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California to build two other institutions.	In 1862, Tiffany died and in 1864 Breck married Sarah Stiles, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California, to build two more institutions.
115	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence as Le Homme; Karl Paquette was his strong, melancholy double; and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme.	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence as Le Homme; Karl Paquette was his strong, melancholic double; and Mathieu Ganio represented La Femme.	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence as Le Homme; Karl Paquette was his strong, melancholy double; and Mathieu Ganio portrayed Vanessa Femme.
117	Chris Egan (Nick Smith) settles down with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises.	Chris Egan (Nick Smith) sits down with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises.	Chris Egan (Nick Justin) settles down with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises.
120	Kathryn Lindskoog, an independent Lewis scholar, argued that Hooper's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis.	Kathryn Lindskoog, an independent Lewis researcher, argued that Hooper's scholarship is not reliable and that he made false statements and attributed fake works to Lewis.	Anna Lindskoog, an independent Lewis scholar, argued that Hooper's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis.
124	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire, where he was a pupil of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood.	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire, where he was a student of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood.	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire, where he was a pupil of the translator Christopher Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood.
126	A child, Michelle Zonee Barksdale Hurston, born in 1957, had Lawes.	A child, Michelle Zonee Barksdale Hurston, born 1957, had Lawes.	A child, Christine Zonee Barksdale Hurston, born in 1957, had Lawes.
135	He gained popularity also by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Rodriguez.	He also gained popularity by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Rodriguez.	He gained popularity also by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Jackson.
136	His parents are Ernie Gordon, who grew up with Yankees - fan in Hyde Park, New York, and Wendy Abrahamsen.	His parents are Ernie Gordon, who grew up with Yankees Fan in Hyde Park, New York, and Wendy Abrahamsen.	His parents are Christopher Gordon, who grew up with Yankees - fan in Hyde Park, New York, and Wendy Abrahamsen.
141	Owen believed his utopian community would create a social environment based on his ideals of superior social, intellectual and physical reform.	Owen believed that his utopian community would create a social environment based on his ideals of superior social, intellectual and physical reforms.	Jacob believed his utopian community would create a social environment based on his ideals of superior social, intellectual and physical reform.
142	Upon the death of Louis XIV in 1661, Cardinal Mazarin, who had nominally been king since 1643, began to rule France in his own right.	After the death of Louis XIV in 1661 Cardinal Mazarin, who had been nominally king since 1643, began to rule France in his own right.	Upon the death of Lucas XIV in 1661, Cardinal Mazarin, who had nominally been king since 1643, began to rule France in his own right.
148	On November 10, 2015, ATP editor Josh Meiseles confirmed the official list of 8 players on the final website of the ATP World Tour.	On 1 November 2015, ATP editor Josh Meiseles confirmed the official list of 8 players on the last page of the ATP World Tour.	On November 10, 2015, ATP editor Alexander Meiseles confirmed the official list of 8 players on the final website of the ATP World Tour.
151	For a few years Daniel went to the same school as Björn Dixgård; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn.	For a few years Daniel went to the same school as Björn Dixgård; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn.	For a few years Matthew went to the same school as Björn Dixgård; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn.
170	Bailey was replaced by Henry Cole as caretaker of Breakheart Hill.	Bailey was replaced by Henry Cole as the caretaker of Breakheart Hill.	Christine was replaced by Henry Cole as caretaker of Breakheart Hill.
173	On April 21, 2018, Edson Barboza is expected to meet at UFC Fight Night 128.	On April 21, 2018, Edson Barboza is expected at UFC Fight Night 128.	On April 21, 2018, Dustin Barboza is expected to meet at UFC Fight Night 128.
175	Abdul Rahman said Raouf will only survive if he goes into exile.	Abdul Rahman said that Raouf will only survive if he goes into exile.	Noah Rahman said Raouf will only survive if he goes into exile.
184	It is developed by Beautiful Glitch and is published by those Awesome Guys.	It is developed by Beautiful Glitch and is published by these Awesome Guys.	It is developed by Alexandra Glitch and is published by those Awesome Guys.
190	In December 2006, Muspratt was named Chicagoan of the Year by John von Rhein and the staff of the Chicago Tribune in the Classic.	In December 2006, Muspratt was named Chicagoan of the Year by John von Rhein and the employees of the Chicago Tribune in the Classic.	In December 2006, Muspratt was named Chicagoan of the Year by Andrew von Rhein and the staff of the Chicago Tribune in the Classic.
193	Leyendecker is buried beside parents and brother Frank at the Woodlawn cemetery in Bronx, New York City.	Leyendecker is buried at Woodlawn Cemetery in Bronx, New York City, along with his parents and brother Frank.	Leyendecker is buried beside parents and brother Jason at the Woodlawn cemetery in Bronx, New York City.
206	The house was purchased in 1858 by Sir David Dundas of Dunira, who sold it to George Dewhurst from Lymm, Cheshire in 1864.	The house was bought in 1858 by Sir David Dundas of Dunira, who sold it in 1864 to George Dewhurst of Lymm, Cheshire.	The house was purchased in 1858 by Sir Justin Dundas of Dunira, who sold it to George Dewhurst from Lymm, Cheshire in 1864.
207	Cobian Backup was a free, donation-written backup software for Microsoft Windows. It is supported in Delphi by Luis Cobian of Umeå University.	Cobian Backup was a free, donated backup software for Microsoft Windows. It is supported in Delphi by Luis Cobian from the University of Umeå.	Cobian Backup was a free, donation-written backup software for Microsoft Windows. It is supported in Delphi by Brian Cobian of Umeå University.
214	In the following year, Butcher returned and was eliminated in round by Ian Rotten.	The following year Butcher returned and was eliminated in the round by Ian Rotten.	In the following year, Butcher returned and was eliminated in round by Cameron Rotten.
219	Tynion followed up the series with an additional horror comic for Thrillbent, The House In The Wall, drawn by Noah J. Yuenkel and co-written by Eryk Donovan.	Tynion followed the series with another horror comic for Thrillbent, The House In The Wall, drawn by Noah J. Yuenkel and co-written by Eryk Donovan.	Tynion followed up the series with an additional horror comic for Thrillbent, The House In The Wall, drawn by Noah J. Yuenkel and co-written by James Donovan.
221	The Tweenies consist of Bella, Milo, Fizz, Jake, Doodles, Izzles, Max, Judy, and are sometimes joined by Max's sister Polly.	The Tweenies are composed of Bella, Milo, Fizz, Jake, Doodles, Izzles, Max, Judy, and are sometimes made by Max's sister Polly.	The Tweenies consist of Bella, Milo, Fizz, Jake, Doodles, Izzles, Max, Haley, and are sometimes joined by Max's sister Polly.
227	The world's first laser was developed in 1960 by the American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov and the Russian scientist Charles H. Townes.	The world's first laser was developed in 1960 by the American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov and the Russian scientist Charles H. Townes.	The world's first laser was developed in 1960 by the American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov and the Russian scientist Charles H. Caleb.
228	Glauco Sansovini is together with Marco Conti captain Regent of San Marino for the semester from 1 April 2010 to 1 October 2010.	Glauco Sansovini, together with Marco Conti, is Captain Regent of San Marino for the semester from 1 April 2010 to 1 October 2010.	Glauco Sansovini is together with Angel Conti captain Regent of San Marino for the semester from 1 April 2010 to 1 October 2010.
230	Toronto Maple Leafs founder Conn Smythe, team owner Harold Ballard and wrestler Whipper Billy Watson helped Rumball to raise the $ 7.6 million to open the centre.	Toronto Maple Leaf's founder Conn Smythe, team owner Harold Ballard and Wrestler Whipper Billy Watson helped Rumball increase the $ 7.6 million to open the center.	Toronto Maple Leafs founder Conn Smythe, team owner Harold Ballard and wrestler Whipper Billy Christian helped Rumball to raise the $ 7.6 million to open the centre.
238	Fowler married Sarah Sloane, daughter of Hans Sloane and niece of Sir William Sloane, who had two sons and a daughter.	Fowler married Sarah Sloane, daughter of Hans Sloane and niece of Sir William Sloane, who had two sons and one daughter.	Fowler married Sarah Sloane, daughter of Brian Sloane and niece of Sir William Sloane, who had two sons and a daughter.
246	He was named Thomas for the friend of Henry David Thoreau, Thomas Cholmondeley, and Parker for Theodore Parker.	He was given the name Thomas for the friend of Henry David Thoreau, Thomas Cholmondeley and Parker for Theodore Parker.	He was named Lucas for the friend of Henry David Thoreau, Lucas Cholmondeley, and Parker for Theodore Parker.
248	Cornelis van Cleve painted primarily mythological paintings and, to a lesser extent, religious scenes and portraits.	Cornelis van Cleve painted primarily mythological paintings and to a lesser extent religious scenes and portraits.	Cornelis van Cody painted primarily mythological paintings and, to a lesser extent, religious scenes and portraits.
267	It was climbed freely and named after Bill House when he first climbed it in 1938.	It was freely climbed and named after Bill House when he first climbed it in 1938.	It was climbed freely and named after Cody House when he first climbed it in 1938.
281	Pat Cash and Patrick Rafter won 3 - 6, 6 - 1, 6 - 3 against Jan Apell and Brent Haygarth in the finals.	Pat Cash and Patrick Rafter won 3 - 6, 6 - 1, 6 - 3 in the final against Jan Apell and Brent Haygarth.	Pat Cash and Edward Rafter won 3 - 6, 6 - 1, 6 - 3 against Jan Apell and Brent Haygarth in the finals.
282	Turing had an older brother, John Dermot Turing (the father of Sir John, 12th Baronet of Turing Baronets).	Turing had an older brother, John Dermot Turing (the father of Sir John, 12th Baronet of Turing Baronets).	Turing had an older brother, Jesus Dermot Turing (the father of Sir Jesus, 12th Baronet of Turing Baronets).
284	Edward J. McKenna was a professional baseball player who played for the 1884 Union Association of the Washington National in 32 matches.	Edward J. McKenna was a professional baseball player who played 32 games for the Union Association of the Washington National.	Jack J. McKenna was a professional baseball player who played for the 1884 Union Association of the Washington National in 32 matches.
293	Morton was the son of John Morton, a Member of Parliament for Shaftesbury, and the nephew of William Morton, the Archbishop of Canterbury.	Morton was the son of John Morton, a Member of Parliament for Shaftesbury, and the nephew of William Morton, Archbishop of Canterbury.	Morton was the son of Bradley Morton, a Member of Parliament for Shaftesbury, and the nephew of William Morton, the Archbishop of Canterbury.
296	Since the 19th century, artificial beings are common in fiction, as in Karel Čapek's Frankenstein or Mary Shelley's R.U.R.	Since the 19th century, artificial beings have been common in fiction, such as Karel Čapek's Frankenstein or Mary Shelley's R.U.R.	Since the 19th century, artificial beings are common in fiction, as in Karel Čapek's Frankenstein or Mary Chelsea's R.U.R.
314	Born in 1935 in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire, Curry died in 1990 at the age of 54 in Longbenton, Northumberland.	Curry was born in 1935 in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire and died in 1990 at the age of 54 in Longbenton, Northumberland.	Born in 1935 in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire, Henry died in 1990 at the age of 54 in Longbenton, Northumberland.
315	He received a formal koan in 1988 - studied with Yamada Koun and completed the Dharma name Tetsu-un, Wisdom - Cloud.	In 1988 he received an official Koan - studied with Yamada Koun and completed the Dharma name Tetsu-un, Wisdom - Cloud.	He received a formal koan in 1988 - studied with Yamada Koun and completed the Leah name Tetsu-un, Wisdom - Cloud.
323	After conferences between Leonard and Griffith in New York, Griffith flew to Los Angeles and filmed the episode.	After conferences between Leonard and Griffith in New York, Griffith flew to Los Angeles and shot the episode.	After conferences between Leonard and Mason in New York, Mason flew to Los Angeles and filmed the episode.
331	Casper is expressed in the second season by Robbie Sublett in the film, Matthew Géczy in the first season and Devon Werkheiser.	In the second season, Casper is expressed by Robbie Sublett in the film, Matthew Géczy in the first season and Devon Werkheiser.	Casper is expressed in the second season by Robbie Sublett in the film, Matthew Géczy in the first season and Nathaniel Werkheiser.
339	Leonard and Madonna had added Spanish phrases in the chorus, over the trumpets of the second verse, and also in the added instrumental break in the middle.	Leonard and Madonna had added Spanish movements in the choir, about the trumpets of the second verse and also in the additional instrumental pause in the middle.	Leonard and Tiffany had added Spanish phrases in the chorus, over the trumpets of the second verse, and also in the added instrumental break in the middle.
340	The son of Olin M. Jeffords, serving as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Vermont, was born James Jeffords in Rutland, Vermont.	The son of Olin M. Jeffords, who served as Chief Justice at the Supreme Court of Vermont, was born James Jeffords in Rutland, Vermont.	The son of Olin M. Jeffords, serving as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Vermont, was born Jonathan Jeffords in Rutland, Vermont.
349	On September 20, 2011, Shelley was suspended for the remainder of the pre-season and 5 games of the regular season for boarding Darryl Boyce.	===Darryl Boyce===On 1 September 2011, Shelley was suspended for the rest of the preseason and 5 regular season games for Darryl Boyce.	On September 20, 2011, Shelley was suspended for the remainder of the pre-season and 5 games of the regular season for boarding Darryl John.
350	Meanwhile, the young Ben Cameron idolizes a picture of Elsie Stoneman.	Meanwhile, young Ben Cameron idolizes a picture of Elsie Stoneman.	Meanwhile, the young Ben Cameron idolizes a picture of Allison Stoneman.
367	Previous editors include Michel Foucault, Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie, Georges Dumézil, François Jacob, Jacques Le Goff, François Furet and Raymond Aron.	Former editors include Michel Foucault, Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie, Georges Dumézil, François Jacob, Jacques Le Goff, François Furet and Raymond Aron.	Previous editors include Michel Foucault, Emmanuel Courtney Roy Ladurie, Georges Dumézil, François Jacob, Jacques Courtney Goff, François Furet and Raymond Aron.
374	Celestine V identifies a persistent tradition as the mysterious figure Dante Alighieri sees among those in the anteroom of hell, in the nameless verses:	Celestine V identifies a persistent tradition as the mysterious figure Dante Alighieri sees among those in the vestibule of hell, in the nameless verses:	Celestine V identifies a persistent tradition as the mysterious figure Daniel Alighieri sees among those in the anteroom of hell, in the nameless verses:
378	He was presented by Golda Meir in the television film A Woman Called Golda (1982), opposite Robert Loggia as Ingrid Bergman.	He was introduced by Golda Meir in the television film A Woman Called Golda (1982), opposite Robert Loggia as Ingrid Bergman.	He was presented by Golda Meir in the television film A Woman Called Golda (1982), opposite Jason Loggia as Ingrid Bergman.
380	The Bank of the People was founded in Toronto by radical reform politicians James Lesslie, James Hervey Price and Dr. John Rolph in 1835.	The Bank of the People was founded in 1835 by radical reform politicians James Lesslie, James Hervey Price and Dr. John Rolph in Toronto.	The Bank of the People was founded in Toronto by radical reform politicians James Lesslie, James Hervey Price and Dr. Daniel Rolph in 1835.
385	In the summer of 1956, Mike Barnett took over the role of Frank Lovejoy until the series' end that same year.	In the summer of 1956, Mike Barnett took over the role of Frank Lovejoy until the end of the series in the same year.	In the summer of 1956, Jack Barnett took over the role of Frank Lovejoy until the series' end that same year.
388	Two weeks before the invasion, the corps was pulled from the Third Army and placed in the First Army of Omar Bradley.	Two weeks before the invasion, the Corps was pulled out of the Third Army and taken to the First Army of Omar Bradley.	Two weeks before the invasion, the corps was pulled from the Third Army and placed in the First Army of Omar Samuel.
404	Nick Smith (Chris Egan) settles with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises.	Nick Smith (Chris Egan) goes with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and into various crises.	Nick Smith (Chris Alex) settles with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises.
406	Queen Peak is a mountain located on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, north of Gold River and east of Victoria Peak.	Queen Peak is a mountain on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, north of the Gold River and east of Victoria Peak.	Queen Peak is a mountain located on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, north of Gold River and east of Julie Peak.
409	Andrea Bocelli called her rehearsal performance very nice, and David Foster called her voice spectacular.	Andrea Bocelli called her rehearsal performance Very beautiful, and David Foster called her voice spectacular.	Andrea Bocelli called her rehearsal performance very nice, and David Patrick called her voice spectacular.
414	In March they returned to Jason Sanderson's studio to record their first material with latest member Reid.	In March, they returned to Jason Sanderson's studio to record their first material with the latest member Reid.	In March they returned to Jason Sanderson's studio to record their first material with latest member Timothy.
426	It was their third hit with the first Peach, Linda Greene.	It was her third hit with the first Peach, Linda Greene.	It was their third hit with the first Peach, Lauren Greene.
428	He has two sons: older Maharana Mahendra Singh and younger Arvind Singh.	He has two sons: the older Maharana Mahendra Singh and the younger Arvind Singh.	He has two sons: older Maharana Mahendra Singh and younger Ian Singh.
429	Virgil Weigel is Democratic member of the Kansas House of Representatives, representing the 56th district (Shawnee County, Kansas in Topeka, Kansas).	Virgil Weigel is a Democratic member of the Kansas House of Representatives and represents the 56th district (Shawnee County, Kansas in Topeka, Kansas).	George Weigel is Democratic member of the Kansas House of Representatives, representing the 56th district (Shawnee County, Kansas in Topeka, Kansas).
442	 Pogonodon was described by Edward Drinker Cope in 1880, and two species are known: P. davisi and P. platycopis.	 Pogonodon was described in 1880 by Edward Drinker Cope, and two species are known: P. davisi and P. platycopis.	 Pogonodon was described by Timothy Drinker Cope in 1880, and two species are known: P. davisi and P. platycopis.
448	After the death of Fred Miller in 1998 and John Paul Miller in 2000, Mary Miller continued living in the house, located south of Cleveland.	After the death of Fred Miller in 1998 and John Paul Miller in 2000, Mary Miller continued to live in the house south of Cleveland.	After the death of Fred Miller in 1998 and John Jonathan Miller in 2000, Mary Miller continued living in the house, located south of Cleveland.
451	Lyman Glacier was named after William Denison Lyman by Claude Ewing Rusk, because Lyman was one of the first to describe some of the features and history of Mount Adam.	Lyman Glacier was named after William Denison Lyman by Claude Ewing Rusk because Lyman was one of the first to describe some of the features and history of Mount Adam.	Cody Glacier was named after William Denison Cody by Claude Ewing Rusk, because Cody was one of the first to describe some of the features and history of Mount Adam.
453	The friend of Dantès, Fernand Mondego (Sidney Blackmer), accompanies him to the jail.	The friend of Dantès, Fernand Mondego (Sidney Blackmer), accompanies him to prison.	The friend of Dantès, Fernand Mondego (Monica Blackmer), accompanies him to the jail.
456	The original Murdoc, Michael Des Barres, portrayed Nicolas Helmans Mentor Murdoc in the 2016 series.	The original Murdoc, Michael Des Barres, impersonated Nicolas Helman's mentor Murdoc in the 2016 series.	The original Murdoc, Michael Des Barres, portrayed Cody Helmans Mentor Murdoc in the 2016 series.
460	He visits Fred and makes him his new partner, then goes to the Cratchit house where he rehires Bob and increases his wages.	He visits Fred and makes him his new partner, then he goes to the Cratchit house, where he surrounds Bob and raises his salary.	He visits Fred and makes him his new partner, then goes to the Cratchit house where he rehires Jesse and increases his wages.
483	The music of the film was composed by Vijaya Bhaskar and written lyrics for the soundtrack of Chi Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha.	The music of the film was composed by Vijaya Bhaskar and written for the soundtrack of Chi Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha.	The music of the film was composed by Vijaya Bhaskar and written lyrics for the soundtrack of Heather Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha.
494	During the five days of the journey he brought with him some books about Elba, which he studied from Fontainebleau.	During the five days of the trip he brought with him some books about Elba, which he studied from Fontainebleau.	During the five days of the journey he brought with him some books about Sara, which he studied from Fontainebleau.
497	In the American series, Benjamin was Michael Evans's double.	In the American series, Benjamin was Michael Evans's double.	In the American series, Nathan was Michael Evans's double.
498	Due to the results obtained in the previous round, Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg, Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg.	Based on the results in the previous round Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg, Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg.	Due to the results obtained in the previous round, Gregory Gleason received + 30 kg, Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg.
509	Independent member John Archibald Maharg served as leader of the opposition in 1923 and Harris Turner, also independent, served as opposition leader in 1924 and 1925.	The independent member John Archibald Maharg served as opposition leader in 1923, and Harris Turner, also independent, served as opposition leader in 1924 and 1925.	Independent member John Archibald Maharg served as leader of the opposition in 1923 and Thomas Turner, also independent, served as opposition leader in 1924 and 1925.
525	Impressive essays by Dawkins..., Marilynne Robinson and H. Allen Orr, set out to tell Terry Eagleton how false he is.	Impressive essays by Dawkins, Marilynne Robinson and H. Allen Orr wanted to tell Terry Eagleton how wrong he is.	Impressive essays by Dawkins..., Marilynne Robinson and H. Allen Orr, set out to tell Edward Eagleton how false he is.
527	In Home Alone, Kate McCallister traveled through Dallas/Fort Worth from Paris on her way to Chicago.	In Home Alone, Kate McCallister traveled through Dallas/Fort Worth from Paris on her way to Chicago.	In Home Alone, Tara McCallister traveled through Dallas/Fort Worth from Paris on her way to Chicago.
528	This allowed Capcom to translate the basic expressions from Lee and use them Wayne in game.	This enabled Capcom to translate the basic expressions of Lee and use them to Wayne in the game.	This allowed Capcom to translate the basic expressions from Gabriel and use them Wayne in game.
536	Lea Lea Antonoplis and Cammy MacGregor won 6 - 3, 3 - 6, 7 - 5 against Ann Henricksson and Julie Richardson in the finals.	Lea Lea Antonoplis and Cammy MacGregor won 6 - 3, 3 - 6, 7 - 5 in the final against Ann Henricksson and Julie Richardson.	Christina Christina Antonoplis and Cammy MacGregor won 6 - 3, 3 - 6, 7 - 5 against Ann Henricksson and Julie Richardson in the finals.
542	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the Magnum Opus of the Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley, written together with Salim Ali.	The handbook of the birds of India and Pakistan is the Magnum Opus of the Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley, which was written together with Salim Ali.	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the Magnum Opus of the Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley, written together with Salim Dylan.
551	She finds new hope and friendship in Enzo, the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new creative heights.	She finds new hope and friendship in Enzo, the substitute guitarist who inspires her to reach new creative heights.	She finds new hope and friendship in Cameron, the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new creative heights.
555	The GPO vehicles were special order vehicles, and not quite the same as the commercial Morris Minor LCVs.	The GPO vehicles were special vehicles, and not quite the same as the commercial Morris Minor LCVs.	The GPO vehicles were special order vehicles, and not quite the same as the commercial Robert Minor LCVs.
557	Dean Mero died in 2014 and the Company is now headed-up by his son, Barry Mero.	Dean Mero died in 2014 and the company is now run by his son Barry Mero.	Isaac Mero died in 2014 and the Company is now headed-up by his son, Barry Mero.
564	Another Dutch silversmith who worked in an auricular style was Thomas Bogaert.	Another Dutch silversmith who worked in auricular style was Thomas Bogaert.	Another Dutch silversmith who worked in an auricular style was Logan Bogaert.
566	The team is coached by Tristan Gray (former coach of Premiership side RHC Cougars) and is currently captained by Emily Cotterill.	The team is coached by Tristan Gray (former head coach of the Premiership side RHC Cougars) and is currently hijacked by Emily Cotterill.	The team is coached by Nathaniel Gray (former coach of Premiership side RHC Cougars) and is currently captained by Emily Cotterill.
569	In the first film the Fat Lady is played by Elizabeth Spriggs, and by Dawn French in the third film.	In the first film, the Fat Lady is played by Elizabeth Spriggs and in the third film by Dawn French.	In the first film the Fat Lady is played by Courtney Spriggs, and by Dawn French in the third film.
575	Tracey Emin, Angus Fairhurst, Billy Childish, Jake Chapman, Billy Childish and Joshua Compston included in the project.	Tracey Emin, Angus Fairhurst, Billy Childish, Jake Chapman, Billy Childish and Joshua Compston participated in the project.	Tracey Emin, Angus Fairhurst, Billy Childish, Jake Shawn, Billy Childish and Joshua Compston included in the project.
594	A historical figure is a famous person in history, such as Katharina the Great, Napoleon, Washington, or Abraham Lincoln.	A historical figure is a famous figure in history, such as Catherine the Great, Napoleon, Washington, or Abraham Lincoln.	A historical figure is a famous person in history, such as Katharina the Great, Napoleon, Washington, or Jonathan Lincoln.
598	In the 2015 documentary film The Gettysburg Address, Edward Everett is portrayed by actor Ed Asner.	In the 2015 documentary The Gettysburg Address, Edward Everett is portrayed by actor Ed Asner.	In the 2015 documentary film The Gettysburg Address, Edward Evan is portrayed by actor Ed Asner.
599	The singer debuted at the Metropolitan Opera in 1993 as Hans Foltz in Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg by Richard Wagner.	The singer made his debut at the Metropolitan Opera in 1993 as Hans Foltz in Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg by Richard Wagner.	The singer debuted at the Metropolitan Opera in 1993 as Gregory Foltz in Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg by Richard Wagner.
601	Miles started playing football for the Vikings, a Pop Warner football team that L.V. coached.	Miles started football for the Vikings, a Pop Warner football team that coached L.V.	Edward started playing football for the Vikings, a Pop Warner football team that L.V. coached.
615	In the 9th minute, Xabi Alonso opened the leadership, followed by Lewandowski four minutes later.	In the 9th minute Xabi Alonso opened the tour, followed by Lewandowski four minutes later.	In the 9th minute, Xabi Richard opened the leadership, followed by Lewandowski four minutes later.
630	 It was recorded before it was written, Paul Paul Webb explained.	 It was recorded before it was written, explained Paul Webb.	 It was recorded before it was written, Marcus Marcus Webb explained.
632	Johnson has worked in animal molecular genetics in laboratories in Sydney, Townsville Queensland, Melbourne and Boston USA.	Johnson worked in laboratories in Sydney, Townsville Queensland, Melbourne and Boston USA in molecular animal genetics.	Juan has worked in animal molecular genetics in laboratories in Sydney, Townsville Queensland, Melbourne and Boston USA.
637	Henry Foss plays Ryan Robbins, who runs the Sanctuary's computer and security systems.	Henry Foss plays Ryan Robbins, who runs the sanctuary's computers and security systems.	Justin Foss plays Ryan Robbins, who runs the Sanctuary's computer and security systems.
642	The hall was left to Charles Loraine Smith who took the name Charles Loraine.	The hall was left to Charles Loraine Smith, who was named Charles Loraine.	The hall was left to Charles Alexandra Smith who took the name Charles Alexandra.
643	Other R & D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Andrew Talcott, Col. Thomas M. Logan, Talcott's son and Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott.	Other R & D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Andrew Talcott, Col. Thomas M. Logan, Talcott's son and Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott.	Other R & D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Andrew Talcott, Col. Thomas M. William, Talcott's son and Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott.
644	Justo buries Manuel alive and then goes away.	Justo burys Manuel alive and then leaves.	Justo buries Robert alive and then goes away.
648	On January 18, 2010, Harry Mayes, paired with Bruno, returned to a daily show from noon to 2 PM on ESPN	On January 18, 2010, Harry Mayes, paired with Bruno, returned to a daily show from noon to 2 p.m. on ESPN	On January 18, 2010, Kyle Mayes, paired with Bruno, returned to a daily show from noon to 2 PM on ESPN
656	The house was purchased by Sir David Dundas of Dunira in 1858, who sold it on to George Dewhurst of Lymm, Cheshire, in 1864.	The house was bought in 1858 by Sir David Dundas of Dunira, who sold it in 1864 to George Dewhurst of Lymm, Cheshire.	The house was purchased by Sir Jacob Dundas of Dunira in 1858, who sold it on to George Dewhurst of Lymm, Cheshire, in 1864.
658	In March 2009, Marco Pierre White, whom Claudia Winkleman described as naturally funny, was confirmed as a new host.	In March 2009, Marco Pierre White, whom Claudia Winkleman described as naturally funny, was confirmed as a new host.	In March 2009, Marco Stephen White, whom Claudia Winkleman described as naturally funny, was confirmed as a new host.
659	Alice Comyn, his niece and heiress, married Henry Beaumont, a French nobleman in the English service.	Alice Comyn, his niece and heiress, married Henry Beaumont, a French nobleman in English service.	Alice Comyn, his niece and heiress, married Evan Beaumont, a French nobleman in the English service.
661	J. David Spurlock was born on November 18, 1959 in Dallas, Texas. He moved to Memphis, Tennessee in 1973.	J. David Spurlock was born on November 18, 1959 in Dallas, Texas. In 1973 he moved to Memphis, Tennessee.	J. Noah Spurlock was born on November 18, 1959 in Dallas, Texas. He moved to Memphis, Tennessee in 1973.
665	His meeting with Naresh Fernandes is documented in the 2011 book Taj-Mahal Foxtrot, by Dave Brubeck.	His meeting with Naresh Fernandes is documented in the 2011 book Taj-Mahal Foxtrot by Dave Brubeck.	His meeting with Naresh Fernandes is documented in the 2011 book Taj-Mahal Foxtrot, by Sean Brubeck.
674	The band supports Norwich City FC, with the exception of John Evans, who follows the Wrexham FC.	The band supports Norwich City FC, with the exception of John Evans, who follows Wrexham FC.	The band supports Norwich City FC, with the exception of Derek Evans, who follows the Wrexham FC.
677	For the 2011 season - 12 Cowdenbeath were managed by Colin Cameron, following the resignation of Jimmy Nicholl at the end of the previous season.	For the season 2011 - 12 Cowdenbath were managed by Colin Cameron, after the resignation of Jimmy Nicholl at the end of the previous season.	For the 2011 season - 12 Cowdenbeath were managed by Kevin Cameron, following the resignation of Jimmy Nicholl at the end of the previous season.
678	Zarate has three brothers, all footballers: older Mauro, younger Sergio and Ariel, with the first two eventually representing the Argentine national team.	Zarate has three brothers, all footballers: older Mauro, younger Sergio and Ariel, with the first two finally representing the Argentine national team.	Zarate has three brothers, all footballers: older Mauro, younger Sergio and Jessica, with the first two eventually representing the Argentine national team.
681	His brother Giovanni Ludovico Bianconi was a neoclassical doctor, art historian and bookseller who was a close friend of Winckelmann.	His brother Giovanni Ludovico Bianconi was a neoclassical physician, art historian and bookseller, a close friend of Winckelmann.	His brother Jeffrey Ludovico Bianconi was a neoclassical doctor, art historian and bookseller who was a close friend of Winckelmann.
686	Hugh Lawson Cansler was born in Maryville, Tennessee, in 1871, a son of Laura Scott (originally spelled Cansler) and Gentzler.	Hugh Lawson Cansler was born in 1871 in Maryville, Tennessee, a son of Laura Scott (originally written Cansler) and Gentzler.	Hugh Lawson Cansler was born in Maryville, Tennessee, in 1871, a son of Morgan Scott (originally spelled Cansler) and Gentzler.
690	At the UFC Fight Night 101, Brown succeeded with a split decision to steal a victory against Jon Tuck.	In the UFC Fight Night 101, Brown managed to steal a win against Jon Tuck with a split decision.	At the UFC Fight Night 101, Brown succeeded with a split decision to steal a victory against Elijah Tuck.
706	In 2014-15, Shapiro appeared in the role of the eccentric neighbor of Marc Maron, Bernie, in the IFC - Comedy - Series Maron.	In 2014/15, Shapiro appeared in the role of Marc Maron's eccentric neighbor, Bernie, in the IFC - Comedy series Maron.	In 2014-15, Shapiro appeared in the role of the eccentric neighbor of Marc Maron, Justin, in the IFC - Comedy - Series Maron.
708	Written by Michelle MacLaren and directed by George Mastras, broadcast on AMC in the United States and Canada on 8 September 2013.	Written by Michelle MacLaren and directed by George Mastras, aired on AMC in the United States and Canada on September 8, 2013.	Written by Christine MacLaren and directed by George Mastras, broadcast on AMC in the United States and Canada on 8 September 2013.
712	Asad Bashir Khan Khattak married businessman Malik in Dubai on 25 December 2013.	==Personal life==Khattak was married to Malik, a businessman in Dubai.	Asad Bashir Khan Khattak married businessman James in Dubai on 25 December 2013.
715	Jason Kubler won the title by defeating Radu Albot 6 - 4, 6 - 1 in the final.	Jason Kubler won the title by defeating Radu Albot 6 - 4, 6 - 1 in the final.	Austin Kubler won the title by defeating Radu Albot 6 - 4, 6 - 1 in the final.
717	Mike Harthcock (also known as Mike Hart) is an American poker player from Winter Haven, Florida.	Mike Harthcock (also known as Mike Hart) is an American poker player from Winter Haven, Florida.	Joshua Harthcock (also known as Joshua Hart) is an American poker player from Winter Haven, Florida.
721	Born and raised in Briarcliff Manor, Tom Ortenberg, Managing Director of Open Road Films and former president of Lionsgate Films, was born.	Born and raised in Briarcliff Manor, Tom Ortenberg, managing director of Open Road Films and former president of Lionsgate Films, was born.	Born and raised in Briarcliff Manor, Isaac Ortenberg, Managing Director of Open Road Films and former president of Lionsgate Films, was born.
722	In 1960, Ardley married Bridget Gantley, the couple had a daughter, in 2003 he married Vivian Wilson and died in Milford, Derbyshire.	In 1960 Ardley married Bridget Gantley, the couple had a daughter, in 2003 he married Vivian Wilson and died in Milford, Derbyshire.	In 1960, Ardley married Bridget Gantley, the couple had a daughter, in 2003 he married Vivian Dylan and died in Milford, Derbyshire.
723	When Justice Tyler died in 1813, John Tyler inherited Greenway at the age of 23.	When Judge Tyler died in 1813, John Tyler inherited Greenway at the age of 23.	When Justice Robert died in 1813, John Robert inherited Greenway at the age of 23.
726	Candle Lake Airpark is located northwest west of Candle Lake, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Candle Lake Airpark is located northwest of Candle Lake, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Candle Joshua Airpark is located northwest west of Candle Joshua, Saskatchewan, Canada.
732	For the 17th time the Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship as third or skip.	For the 17th time, the Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship as a third or Skip.	For the 17th time the Glenn Caleb won the Ontario Championship as third or skip.
737	The church serves the parish of Brighton, a residential area in the north of Hove near the border to West Blatchington.	The church serves the parish of Brighton, a residential area in the north of Hove near the border with West Blatchington.	The church serves the parish of Joseph, a residential area in the north of Hove near the border to West Blatchington.
739	He lives with his wife Cynthia in Ridgefield, Connecticut, and has four children: Jason, Heather, Lindsay and Rebecca.	He lives with his wife Cynthia in Ridgefield, Connecticut, and has four children: Jason, Heather, Lindsay and Rebecca.	He lives with his wife Cynthia in Ridgefield, Connecticut, and has four children: Jason, Heather, Lindsay and April.
745	In early 2010, it was announced that Allan had resigned from the position of Executive Producer and that Paul Marquess had taken on the role.	At the beginning of 2010, it was announced that Allan had left the position of executive producer and that Paul Marquess had taken over the role.	In early 2010, it was announced that David had resigned from the position of Executive Producer and that Paul Marquess had taken on the role.
754	A new drummer, Heyden Wilson, joined the band for recording this album, as did a second guitarist, Dave Traves.	A new drummer, Heyden Wilson, joined the band to record this album, as did a second guitarist, Dave Traves.	A new drummer, Heyden Caleb, joined the band for recording this album, as did a second guitarist, Dave Traves.
755	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI - Agent John E. Douglas, and Bill Tench is based on a pioneer - FBI - Agent Robert K. Ressler.	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI agent John E. Douglas, and Bill Tench is based on a pioneer FBI agent Robert K. Ressler.	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI - Agent Bradley E. Douglas, and Bill Tench is based on a pioneer - FBI - Agent Robert K. Ressler.
761	Their children, through his wife, Jean, daughter of Sir Jean Stewart, Baronet, and Duncan Campbell:	Her children, through his wife, Jean, daughter of Sir Jean Stewart, Baronet, and Duncan Campbell:	Their children, through his wife, Jean, daughter of Sir Jean Liam, Baronet, and Duncan Campbell:
766	Sir Roger Martyn (or Martin) was Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567, he was Sheriff of London in 1559.	Sir Roger Martyn (or Martin) was Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567; he was Sheriff of London in 1559.	Sir Antonio Martyn (or Martin) was Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567, he was Sheriff of London in 1559.
787	Batman (Bruce Wayne) and Belson Dick's kidnapping investigate Batman back in Gotham and learn that Barbara is also missing.	Batman (Bruce Wayne) and Belson Dick's kidnapping investigate Batman back in Gotham and learn that Barbara is missing too.	Batman (Daniel Wayne) and Belson Dick's kidnapping investigate Batman back in Gotham and learn that Barbara is also missing.
790	He has a son, Seamus, who is seen, but is never mentioned in the series.	He has a son, Seamus, who is seen but never mentioned in the show.	He has a son, Michael, who is seen, but is never mentioned in the series.
795	Under the reign of the latter, the newly recruited Abbey Marienberg was founded with monks from Ottobeuren.	Under the rule of the latter, the newly recruited monastery Marienberg was founded with monks from Ottobeuren.	Under the reign of the latter, the newly recruited Andrea Marienberg was founded with monks from Ottobeuren.
804	In 1763, Walter succeeded his 7th cousin Walter Aston, childless Lord Aston of Forfar, in the peerage of Scotland.	In 1763 Walter followed his seventh cousin Walter Aston, the childless Lord Aston of Forfar, in the peerage of Scotland.	In 1763, Walter succeeded his 7th cousin Walter Henry, childless Lord Henry of Forfar, in the peerage of Scotland.
808	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 with Reuter, Timo Scheider, Volker Strycek and Marcel Tiemann this victory.	This victory was repeated in 2003 in an Opel Astra with Reuter, Timo Scheider, Volker Strycek and Marcel Tiemann.	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 with Reuter, Timo Scheider, Volker Strycek and Luis Tiemann this victory.
814	Ann is married to Ann, who pastors with Jennifer Aull in the Greenpoint Reformed Church in Brooklyn.	Ann is married to Ann, who works with Jennifer Aull at the Greenpoint Reformed Church in Brooklyn.	Ann is married to Ann, who pastors with Alicia Aull in the Greenpoint Reformed Church in Brooklyn.
819	On the second day, Jess sees a girl who looks very similar to her lost sister Jen.	On the second day Jess sees a girl who looks very similar to her lost sister Jen.	On the second day, Christopher sees a girl who looks very similar to her lost sister Jen.
824	Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system alongside Moyles, Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford.	Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system along with Moyles, Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford.	Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system alongside Moyles, Peadár Gardiner and Sean Rochford.
826	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 - 4, 6 - 4 in the final to win the title.	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 - 4, 6 - 4 in the final to win the title.	Nicholas Jessica and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 - 4, 6 - 4 in the final to win the title.
828	Chananian is a village in Leepa Valley, Hattian Bala District of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.	Chananian is a village in Hattian Bala District, Azad Kashmir Province, Pakistan.	Chananian is a village in Leepa Valley, Hattian Bala District of Azad Elizabeth, Pakistan.
846	Steve Davis won 9 - 8 against Terry Griffiths in the finals.	Steve Davis won 9-8 against Terry Griffiths in the final.	Steve Davis won 9 - 8 against Marcus Griffiths in the finals.
853	Other frequenters of the colony were the writer Adolf Wolff and the sculptor Alfred Kreymborg.	Other frequent flyers of the colony were the writer Adolf Wolff and the sculptor Alfred Kreymborg.	Other frequenters of the colony were the writer Adolf Wolff and the sculptor Aiden Kreymborg.
856	There was later an Australian version of Press Your Luck from 1987 to 1988 on Seven Network hosted by Ian Turpie and also produced by Grundy.	There was later an Australian version of Press Your Luck from 1987 to 1988 on Seven Network by Ian Turpie and also produced by Grundy.	There was later an Australian version of Press Your Luck from 1987 to 1988 on Seven Network hosted by Gregory Turpie and also produced by Grundy.
867	Stevens was a Republican when the party was founded, and was a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868.	Stevens was a Republican when the party was founded and was a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868.	Matthew was a Republican when the party was founded, and was a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868.
868	Lauretta was married to Johnny Dorelli, the couple had a son, Gianluca Guidi actor.	Lauretta was married to Johnny Dorelli, the couple had a son, Gianluca Guidi Actor.	Christina was married to Johnny Dorelli, the couple had a son, Gianluca Guidi actor.
872	In 2010, Hatherley joined the band by Sam Lewis, playing lead guitar and replacing KT Tunstall.	In 2010, Hatherley joined Sam Lewis's band, played lead guitar and replaced KT Tunstall.	In 2010, Hatherley joined the band by Adrian Lewis, playing lead guitar and replacing KT Tunstall.
877	Sambora and lead singer Jon Bon Jovi formed the main - songwriting - unit of the band.	Sambra and singer Jon Bon Jovi formed the main songwriting unit of the band.	Sambora and lead singer Kyle Bon Jovi formed the main - songwriting - unit of the band.
887	Jack wrote his autobiography with Paul Conn, Eckerd: Finding the Right Prescription in 1987.	Jack wrote his autobiography with Paul Conn, Eckerd: Finding the Right Prescription in 1987.	Jack wrote his autobiography with Isaiah Conn, Eckerd: Finding the Right Prescription in 1987.
891	Abel Aganbegyan (born 1972, Novosibirsk) is a Russian economist, the president of Micex, son of the famous Soviet economist Ruben Aganbegyan.	Abel Aganbegyan (born 1972 in Novosibirsk) is a Russian economist, president of Micex, son of the famous Soviet economist Ruben Aganbegyan.	Abel Aganbegyan (born 1972, Novosibirsk) is a Russian economist, the president of Micex, son of the famous Soviet economist John Aganbegyan.
894	Edward J. McKenna was a professional baseball player who played for the Washington National Association of Union in 1884 in 32 games.	Edward J. McKenna was a professional baseball player who played 32 games for the Washington National Association of Union in 1884.	John J. McKenna was a professional baseball player who played for the Washington National Association of Union in 1884 in 32 games.
922	Cirja # 7 passed 2 TD Scramble and also achieved 2 TD one to Florin Oltean # 85 and one to Dan Crasnic # 93.	Cirja #7 consisted of 2 TD Scramble and also reached 2 TD one at Florin Oltean # 85 and one at Dan Crasnic # 93.	Cirja # 7 passed 2 TD Scramble and also achieved 2 TD one to Florin Oltean # 85 and one to Charles Crasnic # 93.
923	At the same time, Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with him so they can start the ritual that will break the curse.	At the same time Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with him so that they can begin the ritual that will break the curse.	At the same time, Klaus meets Elena and Charles and asks Elena to go with him so they can start the ritual that will break the curse.
926	She moved to Germany in 1989 and settled in Luxembourg two years later, where her husband, Tommy Danielsson, is her coach and training partner.	In 1989 she moved to Germany and settled two years later in Luxembourg, where her husband Tommy Danielsson is her coach and training partner.	She moved to Germany in 1989 and settled in Luxembourg two years later, where her husband, Jeffrey Danielsson, is her coach and training partner.
932	In the 2007 Hong Kong Chief Executive election, Alan Leong from the Civic Party successfully entered the race against the incumbent Donald Tsang.	In the 2007 Hong Kong presidential election, Alan Leong of the Civic Party successfully entered the race against incumbent Donald Tsang.	In the 2007 Hong Kong Chief Executive election, Alan Leong from the Civic Party successfully entered the race against the incumbent Adam Tsang.
941	The Beatles' biographer, Charles Sutcliffe, wrote that Philip Norman was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife, which the young Sutcliffe had witnessed.	The biographer of the Beatles, Charles Sutcliffe, wrote that Philip Norman was a strong drinker and physically cruel to his wife, whom young Sutcliffe had seen.	The Beatles' biographer, Charles Sutcliffe, wrote that Nathaniel Norman was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife, which the young Sutcliffe had witnessed.
947	His partner was Diego Milito, who was acquired like the midfielder Thiago Motta from Genoa.	His partner was Diego Milito, who was acquired from Genoa like midfielder Thiago Motta.	His partner was Diego Milito, who was acquired like the midfielder William Motta from Genoa.
949	A historic figure is a famous person in history, such as Catherine the Great, Abraham Lincoln, Washington, or Napoleon.	A historical figure is a famous figure in history, such as Catherine the Great, Abraham Lincoln, Washington, or Napoleon.	A historic figure is a famous person in history, such as Catherine the Great, Andrew Lincoln, Washington, or Napoleon.
951	In 1736, Mackay's widow sold the islands to Charles Pinckney, the father of General Charles Cotesworth Pinckney.	In 1736, Mackay's widow sold the islands to Charles Pinckney, the father of General Charles Cotesworth Pinckney.	In 1736, Mackay's widow sold the islands to Matthew Pinckney, the father of General Matthew Cotesworth Pinckney.
956	Vonberg studied at Imperial College then joined the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945 where he worked with Martin Ryle.	Vonberg then studied at Imperial College in the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945 where he worked with Martin Ryle.	Vonberg studied at Imperial College then joined the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945 where he worked with Eric Ryle.
957	William Wilberforce Nadiope succeeded the late Sir Muloki as Kyabazinga.	William Wilberforce Nadiope followed the late Sir Muloki as Kyabazinga.	Chad Wilberforce Nadiope succeeded the late Sir Muloki as Kyabazinga.
964	Swami Brahmananda (1863 - 1922), whose original name was Rakhal Chandra Ghosh, was the son of a cemindary in the Basirhat area.	Swami Brahmananda (1863 - 1922), whose original name was Rakhal Chandra Ghosh, was the son of a Cemindar in the Basirhat area.	Swami Brahmananda (1863 - 1922), whose original name was Rakhal Angela Ghosh, was the son of a cemindary in the Basirhat area.
966	He wrote the script in cooperation with Bianca Olsen, Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour.	He wrote the script in collaboration with Bianca Olsen, Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour.	He wrote the script in cooperation with Bianca Olsen, Laurie Aubanel and Nathaniel Rambour.
967	The first cosmonaut was the Soviet air force pilot Yuri Gagarin, also the first person in space.	The first cosmonaut was the Soviet air pilot Yuri Gagarin, also the first person in space.	The first cosmonaut was the Soviet air force pilot Kaitlyn Gagarin, also the first person in space.
968	Born in Hartford, Wisconsin, Barney attended public schools and Lombard College, Galesburg, Illinois.	==Early life and education==Barney attended public schools and Lombard College in Galesburg, Illinois.	Born in Hartford, Wisconsin, Jeremy attended public schools and Lombard College, Galesburg, Illinois.
978	Stevens was a Republican when the party was founded, and became a Delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868.	Stevens was a Republican when the party was founded and became a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868.	Caleb was a Republican when the party was founded, and became a Delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868.
986	In collaboration with Cyril Rambour, Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen, he wrote the script.	In collaboration with Cyril Rambour, Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen, he wrote the screenplay.	In collaboration with Cyril Rambour, Laurie Aubanel and Amber Olsen, he wrote the script.
989	He died in 1879 in Oxford, Idaho. Jefferson Hunt is buried at the Red Rock Cemetery in Bannock County, Idaho, US.	He died in 1879 in Oxford, Idaho. Jefferson Hunt is buried at Red Rock Cemetery in Bannock County, Idaho, USA.	He died in 1879 in Oxford, Idaho. Noah Hunt is buried at the Red Rock Cemetery in Bannock County, Idaho, US.
997	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI - Agent John E. Douglas, and Bill Tench is based on the ground-breaking FBI agent Robert K. Ressler.	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI agent John E. Douglas, and Bill Tench is based on groundbreaking FBI agent Robert K. Ressler.	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI - Agent John E. Douglas, and Matthew Tench is based on the ground-breaking FBI agent Robert K. Ressler.
1001	Nigel Melville is the Chief Executive Officer and President of Rugby - Operations for USA Rugby, while Les Cusworth is the Director of Rugby in Argentina.	Nigel Melville is Chief Executive Officer and President of Rugby Operations for USA Rugby, while Les Cusworth is Director of Rugby in Argentina.	Christian Melville is the Chief Executive Officer and President of Rugby - Operations for USA Rugby, while Les Cusworth is the Director of Rugby in Argentina.
1005	There is a standard technique (see for example) to calculate the change of variables to formal coordinates, at a point as a normal Taylor series expansion.	There is a standard technique (see e.g.) to calculate the change of variables in formal coordinates, at a point as a normal Taylor series extension.	There is a standard technique (see for example) to calculate the change of variables to formal coordinates, at a point as a normal Julia series expansion.
1006	Hu Cheng and his men meet Li Kui on their way to Song Jiang's camp.	Hu Cheng and his men meet Li Kui on the way to Song Jiang's camp.	Hu Cameron and his men meet Li Kui on their way to Song Jiang's camp.
1013	He died in 1879 in Bannock County, Idaho, US. Jefferson Hunt is buried at the Red Rock Cemetery in Oxford, Idaho.	He died in 1879 in Bannock County, Idaho, USA. Jefferson Hunt is buried at Red Rock Cemetery in Oxford, Idaho.	He died in 1879 in Bannock County, Idaho, US. Mason Hunt is buried at the Red Rock Cemetery in Oxford, Idaho.
1014	Vincent van Gogh gave Agostina Segatori's first exhibition in her Café Tambourin.	Vincent van Gogh gave Agostina Segatori's first exhibition in her Café Tambourin.	Elijah van Gogh gave Agostina Segatori's first exhibition in her Café Tambourin.
1021	The auxiliary service of the Archdiocese of Naples is Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe, Lucio Lemmo and Gennaro Acampa are current ordinars.	The relief service of the Archdiocese of Naples is Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe, Lucio Lemmo and Gennaro Acampa are current ordinaries.	The auxiliary service of the Archdiocese of Naples is Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe, Lucio Lemmo and Samuel Acampa are current ordinars.
1029	The Mill Brook runs north from the Black Forest Colony, through the Pond Eddy Mulde, to the Delaware at Mill Brook Inn.	The Mill Brook runs north from the Black Forest Colony through the Pond Eddy Mulde to the Delaware at the Mill Brook Inn.	The Mill Rachel runs north from the Black Forest Colony, through the Pond Eddy Mulde, to the Delaware at Mill Rachel Inn.
1043	Christine became hopeful that her son Walter might still be alive after her first interview with Gordon Stewart Northcott.	Christine hoped that her son Walter could still be alive after her first interview with Gordon Stewart Northcott.	Christine became hopeful that her son Walter might still be alive after her first interview with Gordon Ian Northcott.
1044	Susan's husband said: Stanton stirred the puddings, Susan stirred up Susan, and then Elizabeth shaked the world !	Susan's husband said, Stanton stirred the puddings, Susan stirred Susan, and then Elizabeth shook the world!	Sara's husband said: Stanton stirred the puddings, Sara stirred up Sara, and then Elizabeth shaked the world !
1047	He sang in Europe at Le Lido in Paris and joined Betty Grable in the London West End Musical Belle Starr.	He sang in Europe at Le Lido in Paris and joined Betty Grable in the London West End musical Belle Starr.	He sang in Europe at Le Lido in Paris and joined Betty Grable in the London West End Musical Riley Starr.
1048	Among their children were Thomas Weaver, a member of the Assembly, and Richard Weaver, a member of the Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.	Among her children were Thomas Weaver, a member of the Assembly, and Richard Weaver, a member of the Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.	Among their children were Jeremiah Weaver, a member of the Assembly, and Richard Weaver, a member of the Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.
1050	Born in 1949, Lars Elinderson is a Swedish politician from the Moderate Party.	Lars Elinderson, born in 1949, is a Swedish politician of the Moderate Party.	Born in 1949, Luis Elinderson is a Swedish politician from the Moderate Party.
1061	Keenan played as a 197 cm ruckman and was a solid marker of the ball as well as having a good drop punt.	Keenan played as a 197 cm backpack and was a solid marker of the ball as well as with a good Droppunt.	Jesus played as a 197 cm ruckman and was a solid marker of the ball as well as having a good drop punt.
1072	Bingaman was born in 1926, in McKenzie, Indiana, moved to Tennessee, and attended Lew Wallace High School in Gary, Indiana.	Bingaman was born in 1926 in McKenzie, Indiana, and moved to Tennessee and attended Lew Wallace High School in Gary, Indiana.	Bingaman was born in 1926, in McKenzie, Indiana, moved to Tennessee, and attended Lew Luis High School in Gary, Indiana.
1074	On 25 August 2014, Palmer had her first appearance as Lucy.	Palmer performed for the first time as Lucy on August 1, 2014.	On 25 August 2014, Palmer had her first appearance as Rachel.
1077	Included Bob Flanagan, Sheree Rose, Ron Athey, Vaginal Davis, Daphne Von Rey, Jenny Shimizu, Catherine Opie, Michele Mills.	These included Bob Flanagan, Sheree Rose, Ron Athey, Vaginal Davis, Daphne Von Rey, Jenny Shimizu, Catherine Opie, Michele Mills.	Included Bob Flanagan, Sheree Rose, Ron Athey, Vaginal Davis, Daphne Von Rey, Jenny Shimizu, Emily Opie, Michele Mills.
1080	There are no secondary schools in the island. The nearest are Thurstable School in Tiptree and Thomas Lord Audley School in Colchester.	There are no secondary schools on the island. The nearest ones are Thurstable School in Tiptree and Thomas Lord Audley School in Colchester.	There are no secondary schools in the island. The nearest are Thurstable School in Tiptree and Benjamin Lord Audley School in Colchester.
1099	In 1914, the Sunset Hotel closed and the Oceanic Hotel was purchased by John Barber.	The Sunset Hotel was closed in 1914 and the Oceanic Hotel was purchased by John Barber.	In 1914, the Sunset Hotel closed and the Oceanic Hotel was purchased by Daniel Barber.
1102	During the reign of Ali Adil Shah II of Bijapur Sultanat, Afzal Khan was a leading figure of the court.	During the reign of Ali Adil Shah II of Bijapur Sultanate, Afzal Khan was a leading figure in the court.	During the reign of Sean Adil Shah II of Bijapur Sultanat, Afzal Khan was a leading figure of the court.
1108	Horace W. married Horace W. Goggins, a dentist. They had a son whom they named Juanita, II.	Horace W. married Horace W. Goggins, a dentist. They had a son whom she married Juanita, II.	Isaiah W. married Isaiah W. Goggins, a dentist. They had a son whom they named Juanita, II.
1114	Under the leadership of Horace Trumbauer, the current 16th Street Clubhouse was built by architect George D. Widener.	Under the direction of Horace Trumbauer, the current 16th Street Clubhouse was built by the architect George D. Widener.	Under the leadership of Horace Trumbauer, the current 16th Street Clubhouse was built by architect Mark D. Widener.
1117	Born in Bedford, Gavin Plumley was educated at Monmouth School and read music at Keble College, Oxford. He lives in Dundee.	Gavin Plumley was born in Bedford and studied music at the Monmouth School at Keble College in Oxford. He lives in Dundee.	Born in Bedford, Anthony Plumley was educated at Monmouth School and read music at Keble College, Oxford. He lives in Dundee.
1130	Born in Alpheton, Suffolk in 1794, Thomas Clark joined William Debenham in a partnership to lead a draper's store at Wigmore Street 44 in London.	Born in Alpheton, Suffolk in 1794, Thomas Clark joined William Debenham in a partnership to run a Draper's business at Wigmore Street 44 in London.	Born in Alpheton, Suffolk in 1794, Thomas John joined William Debenham in a partnership to lead a draper's store at Wigmore Street 44 in London.
1131	Ann is married to Jennifer Aull, who works with Ann in the Greenpoint Reformed Church in Brooklyn as pastors.	Ann is married to Jennifer Aull, who works as a pastor with Ann at the Greenpoint Reformed Church in Brooklyn.	Ann is married to Sara Aull, who works with Ann in the Greenpoint Reformed Church in Brooklyn as pastors.
1132	He sang in Europe at Le Lido in Paris and joined Betty Grable in the London West End Musical Belle Starr.	He sang in Europe at Le Lido in Paris and joined Betty Grable in the London West End musical Belle Starr.	He sang in Europe at Le Lido in Paris and joined Betty Grable in the London West End Musical Amanda Starr.
1147	Early charges used the term obscenity as well as after Miller v. California, though the term pornography remained as a reference entry:	Early indictments used the term obscenity as well as Miller v. California although the term pornography remained a reference entry:	Early charges used the term obscenity as well as after Jonathan v. California, though the term pornography remained as a reference entry:
1153	Several streets are named after him, including the roads in Ballarat, Melton, Buninyong, Geelong West, Brighton.	Several streets are named after him, including the streets in Ballarat, Melton, Buninyong, Geelong West, Brighton.	Several streets are named after him, including the roads in Ballarat, Melton, Buninyong, Geelong West, Antonio.
1158	In November of 2005, Mitchell sold the weekly to Robert Israel Plotkin from Bolinas, California.	In November 2005, Mitchell sold the weekly newspaper to Robert Israel Plotkin from Bolinas, California.	In November of 2005, Mitchell sold the weekly to Robert Gabriel Plotkin from Bolinas, California.
1160	Tousignant served in the 31st and 32nd Canadian Parliaments before beating the Progressive Conservative Party in the 1984 election by Gabriel Desjardins.	Tousignant served in the 31st and 32nd Canadian Parliaments before defeating the Progressive Conservative Party in the 1984 elections by Gabriel Desjardins.	Tousignant served in the 31st and 32nd Canadian Parliaments before beating the Progressive Conservative Party in the 1984 election by Shawn Desjardins.
1174	The seven Doctor films were developed from the books, directed by Ralph Thomas and produced by Betty Box.	The seven Doctor films were developed from the books directed by Ralph Thomas and produced by Betty Box.	The seven Doctor films were developed from the books, directed by Edward Thomas and produced by Betty Box.
1192	The cast list indicates a date of first performance after Taylor joined the company in the Spring of 1619, and before Tooley's death in June 1623.	The cast list shows a date of first performance after Taylor joined the company in the spring of 1619, and before Tooley's death in June 1623.	The cast list indicates a date of first performance after Angela joined the company in the Spring of 1619, and before Tooley's death in June 1623.
1194	On 9th July, during her first line period, LCDR John B. Nichols claimed Ticonderoga's fifth MiG kill.	On July 9, during their first period, LCDR claimed John B. Nichols Ticonderoga's fifth MiG killing.	On 9th July, during her first line period, LCDR Thomas B. Nichols claimed Ticonderoga's fifth MiG kill.
1201	The trophy was designed by Montse Ribé and inspired by the fireplaces of Antoni Gaudi's la Pedrera.	The trophy was designed by Montse Ribé and inspired by the fireplaces of Antoni Gaudi's la Pedrera.	The trophy was designed by Montse Ribé and inspired by the fireplaces of Matthew Gaudi's la Pedrera.
1224	In 1654, Oliver Cromwell, the Irish parliament, gave a free hand to banish the British undesirables.	In 1654, Oliver Cromwell, the Irish parliament, gave free rein to banish the British undesired.	In 1654, George Cromwell, the Irish parliament, gave a free hand to banish the British undesirables.
1227	The Mundy family owned the Manor of Allestree from 1516 until Thomas Evans sold it to Francis Noel Clarke Mundy in 1781.	The Mundy family owned the Allestree estate from 1516 until Thomas Evans sold it to Francis Noel Clarke Mundy in 1781.	The Mundy family owned the Manor of Allestree from 1516 until Thomas Evans sold it to Elijah Noel Clarke Mundy in 1781.
1242	In 2011 George Maguire appeared as Richard Loeb in Thrill Me, first at the Charing Cross Theatre in London and then at the Tristan Bates Theatre.	In 2011, George Maguire appeared as Richard Loeb in Thrill Me, first at the Charing Cross Theatre in London and then at Tristan Bates Theatre.	In 2011 George Maguire appeared as Ethan Loeb in Thrill Me, first at the Charing Cross Theatre in London and then at the Tristan Bates Theatre.
1243	Allie sails from England to Australia alone after her father's death.	Allie sails from England to Australia after her father's death alone.	Kaitlyn sails from England to Australia alone after her father's death.
1245	William Armstrong was born in Lincoln County, Tennessee, on November 14, 1819, the son of John Franklin Armstrong and Mary W. I. Monroe.	==Early life==Mary W. I. Monroe was born in Lincoln County, Tennessee, the son of John Franklin Armstrong and Mary W. I. Monroe.	William Armstrong was born in Lincoln County, Tennessee, on November 14, 1819, the son of Angel Franklin Armstrong and Mary W. I. Monroe.
1250	Aimee Semple McPherson engaged Brook Hawkins from the Winter Construction Company, the architect of the Culver Hotel, the Metropolitan Theatre des Grauman and the Pasadena Playhouse.	Aimee Semple McPherson engaged Brook Hawkins of the Winter Construction Company, the architect of the Culver Hotel, the Metropolitan Theatre des Grauman and the Pasadena Playhouse.	Aimee Semple McPherson engaged Brittany Hawkins from the Winter Construction Company, the architect of the Culver Hotel, the Metropolitan Theatre des Grauman and the Pasadena Playhouse.
1256	John's mother Sinclair T. Chitty married his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. at the age of 15.	John's mother Sinclair T. Chitty married his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. at the age of 15.	John's mother Sinclair T. Chitty married his father Thomas Kincaid Cameron Jr. at the age of 15.
1264	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett who is not much older than Sam's eldest son.	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett, who is not much older than Sam's eldest son.	Adam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett who is not much older than Adam's eldest son.
1266	According to Bryan, Muftić was a true scientist in every way (who) always looked for psychological explanations of physical and chemical problems.	According to Bryan, Muftić was a true scientist in every respect (who) always looked for psychological explanations for physical and chemical problems.	According to Isaac, Muftić was a true scientist in every way (who) always looked for psychological explanations of physical and chemical problems.
1267	Another memorable ruler was Max Franz (ruled 1784 - 1794), who founded the university and the spa quarter of Bad Godesberg.	Another memorable ruler was Max Franz (ruled 1784 - 1794), who founded the University and the Kurviertel Bad Godesberg.	Another memorable ruler was William Franz (ruled 1784 - 1794), who founded the university and the spa quarter of Bad Godesberg.
1273	Baden Powell was a student at the Naval Academy after reading a book by Mimi Sodré called Scouting for Boys, when he was interested in the scouting.	Baden Powell was a student at the Naval Academy after reading a book by Mimi Sodré entitled Scouting for Boys when he was interested in scouting.	Baden Powell was a student at the Naval Academy after reading a book by Amy Sodré called Scouting for Boys, when he was interested in the scouting.
1277	According to the dictionary of the National Biography of 1885, Leland is assigned to the first half of the fourteenth century by Ralph Acton and his supporters.	According to the dictionary of the National Biography of 1885, Leland was established in the first half of the fourteenth century by Ralph Acton and his followers.	According to the dictionary of the National Biography of 1885, Leland is assigned to the first half of the fourteenth century by Luke Acton and his supporters.
1283	Daughter Mary W. (May) Baldwin (1871 - 1961) married Duncan Bell Murdoch (1860 - 1964).	Daughter Mary W. (May) Baldwin (1871 - 1961) married Duncan Bell Murdoch (1860 - 1964).	Daughter Mary W. (May) Baldwin (1871 - 1961) married Jackson Bell Murdoch (1860 - 1964).
1285	Garcia played the first base umpire in the 1999 movie For Love of the Game, starring Kevin Costner and Kelly Preston.	Garcia played the first base umpire in the 1999 film For Love of the Game with Kevin Costner and Kelly Preston.	Garcia played the first base umpire in the 1999 movie For Love of the Game, starring Kevin Costner and Kathryn Preston.
1289	Cory S. Sheffield described the species in 2013, naming the specific name in honor of Noam Chomsky.	Cory S. Sheffield described the species in 2013 and named the specific name in honor of Noam Chomsky.	Gregory S. Sheffield described the species in 2013, naming the specific name in honor of Noam Chomsky.
1294	In early 1999, he was instrumental in removing the then opposition leader, Steve Bracks, and electing his successor, John Brumby.	In early 1999, he was instrumental in removing then opposition leader Steve Bracks and electing his successor John Brumby.	In early 1999, he was instrumental in removing the then opposition leader, Steve Bracks, and electing his successor, Isaiah Brumby.
1315	The nearest airport is Devi Aahilya Bai Holkar Airport, Indore. The nearest railway station is Ujjain.	The nearest airport is Devi Aahilya Bai Holkar Airport, Indore. The nearest train station is Ujjain.	The nearest airport is Melanie Aahilya Bai Holkar Airport, Indore. The nearest railway station is Ujjain.
1320	Stefan informs Caroline that Alaric (Paul Wesley) stopped looking for a way to bring back Damon and Bonnie.	Stefan informs Caroline that Alaric (Paul Wesley) has stopped looking for a way to bring Damon and Bonnie back.	Robert informs Caroline that Alaric (Paul Wesley) stopped looking for a way to bring back Damon and Bonnie.
1330	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 this victory with Reuter, Marcel Tiemann, Volker Strycek and Timo Scheider.	This victory was repeated in 2003 in an Opel Astra with Reuter, Marcel Tiemann, Volker Strycek and Timo Scheider.	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 this victory with Reuter, Connor Tiemann, Volker Strycek and Timo Scheider.
1332	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the magnum opus of Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley, written along with Salim Ali.	The handbook of the birds of India and Pakistan is the magnum opus of the Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley, written together with Salim Ali.	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the magnum opus of Indian ornithologist S. Christopher Ripley, written along with Salim Ali.
1339	A tower was designed by Barry in 1841, but it was never built.	A tower was designed by Barry in 1841, but never built.	A tower was designed by Caleb in 1841, but it was never built.
1352	The Dodgers got their only runs on solo homers by Bill Buckner in the eighth and Willie Crawford in the ninth.	The Dodgers received their only runs on solo homers by Bill Buckner in eighth and Willie Crawford in ninth.	The Dodgers got their only runs on solo homers by Bill Buckner in the eighth and Willie Jordan in the ninth.
1353	Cunningham Elementary School was recognized in 2003 by Governor Jim McGreevey as one of 25 schools selected nationwide for the first annual governor of the School of Excellence Award.	The Cunningham Elementary School was recognized in 2003 by Governor Jim McGreevey as one of 25 schools selected nationwide for the first Governor of the School of Excellence Award.	Cunningham Elementary School was recognized in 2003 by Governor John McGreevey as one of 25 schools selected nationwide for the first annual governor of the School of Excellence Award.
1358	Lucy made her first appearance as Palmer on 25 August 2014.	Lucy performed for the first time as a palmer on August 1, 2014.	Anna made her first appearance as Palmer on 25 August 2014.
1360	Steve Reicher (Stephen D Reicher) is a Professor of Social Psychology and former Head of the School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews.	Steve Reicher (Stephan D Reicher) is a professor of social psychology and former head of the Faculty of Psychology at the University of St. Andrews.	Derek Reicher (Stephen D Reicher) is a Professor of Social Psychology and former Head of the School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews.
1365	AMBIT is a symbolic programming language, introduced in 1964 by Carlos Christensen of Massachusetts Computer Associates for historical calculation.	AMBIT is a symbolic programming language introduced in 1964 by Carlos Christensen of Massachusetts Computer Associates for historical calculation.	AMBIT is a symbolic programming language, introduced in 1964 by Jonathan Christensen of Massachusetts Computer Associates for historical calculation.
1381	The R335 is a regional road in Somerset East, which connects Port Elizabeth from the south to South Africa via Addo to the north.	The R335 is a regional road in Somerset East that connects Port Elizabeth from south to South Africa via Addo in the north.	The R335 is a regional road in Somerset East, which connects Port Kelly from the south to South Africa via Addo to the north.
1382	The show's title song was Life Goes On, written by Billy Vera and performed by John Bettis and George Tipton.	The series' title song was Life Goes On, written by Billy Vera and performed by John Bettis and George Tipton.	The show's title song was Life Goes On, written by Billy Ella and performed by John Bettis and George Tipton.
1386	An article by Dina Cappiello in the Houston Chronicle, published on December 18, 2005, stated Richard Prum's position as follows:	An article by Dina Cappiello in the Houston Chronicle, published on December 18, 2005, explained Richard Prum's position as follows:	An article by Dina Cappiello in the Houston Chronicle, published on December 18, 2005, stated Paul Prum's position as follows:
1389	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam (employees of a nearby gift shop, which has since been moved), Calvert DeForest (a.k.a.	Former recurring players from the show are Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam (employee of a nearby gift shop that has since been relocated), Calvert DeForest (alias alias.	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Luis and Sirajul Islam (employees of a nearby gift shop, which has since been moved), Calvert DeForest (a.k.a.
1393	In addition to her own dowry, Katherine brought her new husband the station of her daughter, Cecily, who, together with William Hastings and Katherine, had six children:	In addition to her own dowry, Katherine brought with her new husband the station of her daughter Cecily, who together with William Hastings and Katherine had six children:	In addition to her own dowry, Leslie brought her new husband the station of her daughter, Cecily, who, together with William Hastings and Leslie, had six children:
1399	Joseph Medwick Park on the banks of the Rahway River in Woodbridge Township and Carteret in Middlesex County, New Jersey is named as his honor.	Joseph Medwick Park on the banks of the Rahway River in Woodbridge Township and Carteret in Middlesex County, New Jersey is called his honor.	Matthew Medwick Park on the banks of the Rahway River in Woodbridge Township and Carteret in Middlesex County, New Jersey is named as his honor.
1401	From 1990 to 1992, Walt Harris had the same positions at Division I-A (now Division I FBS) Pacific under White.	From 1990 to 1992, Harris held the same positions in Division I-A (now Division I FBS) Pacific under White.	From 1990 to 1992, Walt Cody had the same positions at Division I-A (now Division I FBS) Pacific under White.
1406	Lars Rosing plays the protagonist Malik in Greenland's first international feature film Nuummioq, Lars Rosing lives near Montreal, Canada.	Lars Rosing plays the protagonist Malik in Greenland's first international feature film Nuummioq, Lars Rosing lives near Montreal, Canada.	Chad Rosing plays the protagonist Malik in Greenland's first international feature film Nuummioq, Chad Rosing lives near Montreal, Canada.
1410	In December 1945, the Soviets presented Kim as chairman of the Korean branch of the North Korean Communist Party.	In December 1945, the Soviets introduced Kim as chairman of the Korean branch of the North Korean Communist Party.	In December 1945, the Soviets presented Grace as chairman of the Korean branch of the North Korean Communist Party.
1413	The story was begun in England as Lawson's first novel, but was broken off and eventually completed after his return to Australia.	The story was begun in England as Lawson's first novel, but was aborted and finally completed after his return to Australia.	The story was begun in England as Dylan's first novel, but was broken off and eventually completed after his return to Australia.
1414	Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship for the third time as either 17th or skip.	Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship 17th or Skip for the third time.	Elijah Howard won the Ontario Championship for the third time as either 17th or skip.
1417	Debbie Posner is the teacher and programme for Hebrew and Jewish studies, and Debbi Benn is the coordinator of primary school Hebrew and Jewish studies.	Debbie Posner is the Teacher and Program for Hebrew and Jewish Studies, and Debbi Benn is the Coordinator of the Elementary Hebrew and Jewish Studies.	Morgan Posner is the teacher and programme for Hebrew and Jewish studies, and Debbi Benn is the coordinator of primary school Hebrew and Jewish studies.
1421	The project was the creation of Mute Records - founder Daniel Miller, with Frank Tovey as a fictional frontman of the band.	The project was the creation of Mute Records - founder Daniel Miller, with Frank Tovey as the fictive frontman of the band.	The project was the creation of Mute Records - founder Gabriel Miller, with Frank Tovey as a fictional frontman of the band.
1425	Encouraged by the use of fresh voices in Roja, Rahman approached Srinivas.	Encouraged by the use of new voices in Roja, Rahman Srinivas approached.	Encouraged by the use of fresh voices in Roja, Mason approached Srinivas.
1431	In 1948, B & amp; H Publications produced through the camera in cooperation with Cousin Harold White George Bernard Shaw.	1948, B & amp; H publications produced by the camera in collaboration with Cousin Harold White George Bernard Shaw.	In 1948, B & amp; H Publications produced through the camera in cooperation with Cousin Harold White Travis Bernard Shaw.
1442	He left Tunis for Egypt where he met Mahmud al-Kurdi of the Khalwati order in Cairo.	He left Tunis for Egypt, where he met Mahmoud al-Kurdi from the Khalwati Order in Cairo.	He left Tunis for Egypt where he met Mahmud William-Kurdi of the Khalwati order in Cairo.
1444	Faiyaz Ali Khan was born in 1851 to Sir Muhammad Faiz Ali Khan.	Faiyaz Ali Khan was born in 1851 by Sir Muhammad Faiz Ali Khan.	Faiyaz Gabriel Khan was born in 1851 to Sir Muhammad Faiz Gabriel Khan.
1445	Nick Smith (Chris Egan) settles with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises.	Nick Smith (Chris Egan) goes with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and into various crises.	Nick Smith (Chris Egan) settles with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Nathaniel quickly get friends and get into various crises.
1447	Outraged that Mehmet Gega escaped retribution, Janevski's group took position to continue the protest.	Astonished that Mehmet Gega escaped retribution, Janevski's group took the position to continue the protest.	Outraged that Zachary Gega escaped retribution, Janevski's group took position to continue the protest.
1451	Mayer was the author of a provocative feature for The New York Times entitled Dead Composers, Live Audiences.	Mayer was the author of a provocative work for the New York Times entitled Death Composers, Live Audiences.	Jackson was the author of a provocative feature for The New York Times entitled Dead Composers, Live Audiences.
1457	After receiving a second Nobel Prize in 1903 with her husband, Pierre, Marie Curie won a Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1911.	After a second Nobel Prize in 1903 with her husband Pierre, Marie Curie won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1911.	After receiving a second Nobel Prize in 1903 with her husband, Antonio, Marie Curie won a Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1911.
1462	John Rabe and the Japanese committee however manage to have the Nanking Safety Zone recognized by the international authorities.	However, John Rabe and the Japanese committee manage to have the Nanking security zone recognized by the international authorities.	Noah Rabe and the Japanese committee however manage to have the Nanking Safety Zone recognized by the international authorities.
1469	Olaf Petersen is played by Mark Williams in the television series.	Olaf Petersen is played by Mark Williams in the TV series.	Olaf Petersen is played by Jesus Williams in the television series.
1470	A Jill Day Comic stripe, drawn by Denis Gifford, was released in Star Comics (1954), published by Gifford and Bob Monkhouse.	A Jill Day Comic Stripe, drawn by Denis Gifford, was published in Star Comics in 1954, edited by Gifford and Bob Monkhouse.	A Jill Day Comic stripe, drawn by Adam Gifford, was released in Star Comics (1954), published by Gifford and Bob Monkhouse.
1471	His wife Eddy was the one who made the most of the dates with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro.	His wife Eddy was the one who made the best of the data with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro.	His wife Eddy was the one who made the most of the dates with the great artists for Holly G. Novarro.
1474	On 31 December 2015, Melvin returned to Purdue University as Defensive Line Coach for Darrell Hazell.	On December 1, 2015, Melvin returned to Purdue University as a defensive line coach for Darrell Hazell.	On 31 December 2015, Bradley returned to Purdue University as Defensive Line Coach for Darrell Hazell.
1476	Maredudd married Margaret ferch Dafydd, the daughter of Dafydd Fychan, Lord of Anglesey, and his wife, Nest ferch Ieuan.	Maredudd married Margaret Ferch Dafydd, daughter of Dafydd Fychan, Lord of Anglesey, and his wife Nest Ferch Ieuan.	Maredudd married Morgan ferch Dafydd, the daughter of Dafydd Fychan, Lord of Anglesey, and his wife, Nest ferch Ieuan.
1478	In 1968, Catherine Gillies, granddaughter of Barbara Myers, learned of Charles Manson from the Myers Ranch.	In 1968, Catherine Gillies, granddaughter of Barbara Myers, learned from Charles Manson of the Myers Ranch.	In 1968, Catherine Gillies, granddaughter of Barbara Myers, learned of Christopher Manson from the Myers Ranch.
1485	Ciji Ware is the focus of Jane Maxwell Gordon's 1989 novel Island of the Swans.	Ciji Ware is the focus of Jane Maxwell Gordon's novel 1989 Island of the Swans.	Anna Ware is the focus of Jane Maxwell Gordon's 1989 novel Island of the Swans.
1497	In 1815, Ram Hill was known as Nutridge Hill and was connected to Westerleigh by the Broad Lane and Mays Hill by Frog Lane.	In 1815 Ram Hill was known as Nutridge Hill and connected by the Broad Lane and Mays Hill by Frog Lane to Westerleigh.	In 1815, Benjamin Hill was known as Nutridge Hill and was connected to Westerleigh by the Broad Lane and Mays Hill by Frog Lane.
1505	For a few years Björn went to the same school as Daniel; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn Dixgård.	For a few years Björn went to the same school as Daniel; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn Dixgård.	For a few years Björn went to the same school as William; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn Dixgård.
1525	Dennis is arrested and sentenced to die with Hugh and Barnaby. Hugh and Dennis are pardoned. Barnaby, through the efforts of Gabriel Varden, is hanged.	Dennis is arrested and sentenced to death with Hugh and Barnaby. Hugh and Dennis are pardoned. Barnaby is hanged by the efforts of Gabriel Varden.	Dennis is arrested and sentenced to die with Anthony and Barnaby. Anthony and Dennis are pardoned. Barnaby, through the efforts of Gabriel Varden, is hanged.
1531	In the second round she beat Olga Govortsova, then defeated the 17th place Julia Görges in the third.	In the second round, she defeated Olga Govortsova, then defeated Julia Görges in the third.	In the second round she beat Hannah Govortsova, then defeated the 17th place Julia Görges in the third.
1544	In 1816, Thomas Worthington married Sarah Worthington, second daughter of Governor King.	In 1816 Thomas Worthington married Sarah Worthington, the second daughter of Governor King.	In 1816, Thomas Worthington married Vanessa Worthington, second daughter of Governor King.
1548	This article is the Electoral history of Alexander Mackenzie, the second Prime Minister of Canada.	This article is the electoral story of Alexander Mackenzie, Canada's second prime minister.	This article is the Electoral history of Alexander Jacqueline, the second Prime Minister of Canada.
1549	The third and final series started in May 2011. Javone Prince and a returning Marek Larwood appeared in the new series.	The third and last series began in May 2011. Javone Prince and a return Marek Larwood appeared in the new series.	The third and final series started in May 2011. Javone Prince and a returning Elijah Larwood appeared in the new series.
1550	He is mentioned twice in James Hinton's novel Moonchild, the first mention being mistakenly called his father, Aleister Crowley.	He is mentioned twice in James Hinton's novel Mononchild, the first mention mistakenly referred to as his father, Aleister Crowley.	He is mentioned twice in Anthony Hinton's novel Moonchild, the first mention being mistakenly called his father, Aleister Crowley.
1558	During the hearings, it was revealed that neither Lewis nor Forbes knew that Claude had feathered the No.	During the hearings it appeared that neither Lewis nor Forbes knew that Claude had feathered the No.	During the hearings, it was revealed that neither Lewis nor Forbes knew that Joshua had feathered the No.
1570	Li Kui and his men meet Song Jiang on their way to Hu Cheng's camp.	Li Kui and his men meet Song Jiang on the way to Hu Cheng's camp.	Li Kui and his men meet Song Jiang on their way to Hu Bradley's camp.
1571	In 1908, Galen Seaman died and the newspaper was bought by Jolley.	Galen Seaman died in 1908 and the newspaper was bought by Jolley.	In 1908, Adam Seaman died and the newspaper was bought by Jolley.
1574	Ambassador G. McMurtrie Godley and his successor William Sullivan, however, continued to supervise the air strikes in Laos.	However, Ambassador G. McMurtrie Godley and his successor William Sullivan continued to monitor the air raids in Laos.	Ambassador G. McMurtrie Godley and his successor William Jason, however, continued to supervise the air strikes in Laos.
1580	The lyrics were written by the Lebanese singer Majida El Roumi and the music was rearranged by Kadim Al Sahir.	The lyrics were written by Lebanese singer Majida El Roumi and the music was re-arranged by Kadim Al Sahir.	The lyrics were written by the Lebanese singer Majida El Roumi and the music was rearranged by Kadim Julian Sahir.
1581	Chris Egan (Nick Smith) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes.	Chris Egan (nick Smith) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scratches.	Chris Joshua (Nick Smith) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes.
1589	The Bank of the People was founded in 1835 by radical reform politicians John Rolph, James Hervey Price and Dr. James Lesslie in Toronto.	The Bank of the People was founded in 1835 by radical reform politicians John Rolph, James Hervey Price, and Dr. James Lesslie in Toronto.	The Bank of the People was founded in 1835 by radical reform politicians John Rolph, Gregory Hervey Price and Dr. Gregory Lesslie in Toronto.
1590	 Full Circle was produced by Paul Rodger, the manager of Birtles Shorrock Goble, and mixed by long-time supporter and friend Michael Costa at the Stream AV Studios in Melbourne.	Full Circle was produced by Paul Rodger, the manager of Birtle's Shorrock Goble, and mixed by longtime supporter and friend Michael Costa in the Stream AV Studios in Melbourne.	 Full Circle was produced by Stephen Rodger, the manager of Birtles Shorrock Goble, and mixed by long-time supporter and friend Michael Costa at the Stream AV Studios in Melbourne.
1594	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam (employees of a nearby gift store which has since relocated), Calvert DeForest (a.k.a.	Former recurring players from the show are Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam (employee of a nearby gift shop that has since relocated), Calvert DeForest (alias.	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Hunter and Sirajul Islam (employees of a nearby gift store which has since relocated), Calvert DeForest (a.k.a.
1600	Gaines came from New York to Ephraim Fletcher in 1836 and settled in Van Vleet Road (Section 16).	Gaines came from New York to Ephraim Fletcher in 1836 and settled at Van Vleet Road (section 16).	Gaines came from New York to Mark Fletcher in 1836 and settled in Van Vleet Road (Section 16).
1605	Her father, Democrat Calvin L. Rampton, served in the Utah State Senate and ran unsuccessfully for governor of Utah in 1964 against the Mitchell Melich.	Her father, the Democrat Calvin L. Rampton, served in the Utah Senate and ran unsuccessfully for Governor of Utah against Mitchell Melich in 1964.	Her father, Democrat Samuel L. Rampton, served in the Utah State Senate and ran unsuccessfully for governor of Utah in 1964 against the Mitchell Melich.
1609	His parents were William Henry Harman and Sally (Garber) Harman, who was born in Waynesboro, Virginia, February 17, 1828.	His parents were William Henry Harman and Sally (Garber) Harman, born in Waynesboro, Virginia, February 17, 1828.	His parents were William Henry Harman and Ashley (Garber) Harman, who was born in Waynesboro, Virginia, February 17, 1828.
1619	Cornelis van Cleve painted predominantly mythological paintings and to a lesser extent religious scenes and portraits.	Cornelis van Cleve painted mainly mythological paintings and to a lesser extent religious scenes and portraits.	Cornelis van Jayden painted predominantly mythological paintings and to a lesser extent religious scenes and portraits.
1623	Ram Hill was known as Nutridge Hill in the Mudge Map in 1815 and was connected to Broad Lane by Westerleigh with Mays Hill and by Frog Lane.	Ram Hill was known as Nutridge Hill in the Mudge Map in 1815 and was connected to Broad Lane by Westerleigh with Mays Hill and Frog Lane.	Ram Hill was known as Nutridge Hill in the Mudge Map in 1815 and was connected to Broad Alex by Westerleigh with Mays Hill and by Frog Alex.
1627	Ashok was then selected to replace Deepan Chakravarthy in C. V. Kumar's psychological thriller, a second film in Vaibhav Reddy's Pizza franchise.	Ashok was then chosen to replace Deepan Chakravarthy in C. V. Kumar's psychological thriller, a second movie in Vaibhav Reddy's Pizza franchise.	Ashok was then selected to replace Deepan Chakravarthy in C. V. Kumar's psychological thriller, a second film in Adrian Reddy's Pizza franchise.
1628	As a Dr. Pepper salesman, Bob knew all the local grocery owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy.	As a Dr. Pepper salesman, Bob knew all the local food owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy.	As a Dr. Jessica salesman, Bob knew all the local grocery owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy.
1630	Rabbi Levi showed that on the night described in God taught Jacob all the signs.	Rabbi Levi showed that during the night described in God, Jacob taught all the signs.	Rabbi Aiden showed that on the night described in God taught Jacob all the signs.
1631	The series is written by Chris Roberson and drawn by Robert Adler.	The series was written by Chris Roberson and drawn by Robert Adler.	The series is written by Chris Roberson and drawn by Robert Travis.
1633	Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom was born in Schellingwoude now in Amsterdam. He studied painting with Andreas Schelfhout, a leading Romantic landscape painter.	Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom was born today in Schellingwoude in Amsterdam. He studied painting with Andreas Schellfhout, a leading romantic landscape painter.	Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom was born in Schellingwoude now in Amsterdam. He studied painting with Eric Schelfhout, a leading Romantic landscape painter.
1641	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a battle in Kabul in 1995, Khadr visited him in Peshawar hospital.	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a battle in Kabul in 1995, Khadr visited him at Peshawar Hospital.	When Austin Elzahabi was injured in a battle in Kabul in 1995, Khadr visited him in Peshawar hospital.
1649	Abbott would see action in 24 games for the Athletics that fall, and was traded to the Florida Marlins after the season in exchange for Kerwin Moore.	Abbot saw action in 24 games for the Athletics in the fall, and was traded to the Florida Marlins after the season in exchange for Kerwin Moore.	Abbott would see action in 24 games for the Athletics that fall, and was traded to the Florida Marlins after the season in exchange for Benjamin Moore.
1651	Former segments of the State Road 52 include Roth Lane, in Dade City, and North 21st Street and Lock Street in Saint Leo.	The former segments of State Road 52 include Roth Lane in Dade City and North 21st Street and Lock Street in Saint Leo.	Former segments of the State Road 52 include Roth Andrew, in Dade City, and North 21st Street and Lock Street in Saint Leo.
1655	She also opened for Shiatzy Chen, Yves Saint Laurent, Karl Lagerfeld and Alexander McQueen, and closed for Prada, Costume National and Louis Vuitton.	She also opened for Shiatzy Chen, Yves Saint Laurent, Karl Lagerfeld and Alexander McQueen and closed for Prada, Costume National and Louis Vuitton.	She also opened for Shiatzy Chen, Mark Saint Laurent, Karl Lagerfeld and Alexander McQueen, and closed for Prada, Costume National and Louis Vuitton.
1657	For Mead, unlike John Dewey and J. J. Gibson, however, the key is not just human action, but social action.	For Mead, unlike John Dewey and J. J. Gibson, but the key is not only human action, but social action.	For Mead, unlike John Dewey and J. J. Jordan, however, the key is not just human action, but social action.
1667	Alexander Seton also commissioned the tomb of his friend, the architect William Schaw, at the Dunfermline Abbey.	Alexander Seton also commissioned the tomb of his friend, architect William Schaw, in Dunfermline Abbey.	Alexander Seton also commissioned the tomb of his friend, the architect Kyle Schaw, at the Dunfermline Abbey.
1683	These canons were later rejected in 692 by the Eastern Council in Trullo, but approved by Pope Constantine.	These cannons were later rejected in 692 by the Eastern Council in Trullo, but approved by Pope Constantine.	These canons were later rejected in 692 by the Eastern Council in Trullo, but approved by Pope Elijah.
1696	In 1956, she worked with the orchestras of Christo Vuchkov and Dimitar Ganev for Big Orchestra Concert Directorate conductors of which were Boris Simeonov and Emil Georgiev.	In 1956 she worked with the orchestras of Christo Vuchkov and Dimitar Ganev for the directors of the major orchestral concerts, including Boris Simeonov and Emil Georgiev.	In 1956, she worked with the orchestras of Christo Vuchkov and Dimitar Ganev for Big Orchestra Concert Directorate conductors of which were Adrian Simeonov and Emil Georgiev.
1705	Recently, Sexson lived with his wife Kerry in Ridgefield, Washington, and since 2014 has been a baseball trainer at the Summit High School in Bend, Oregon.	Recently, Sexson lived with his wife Kerry in Ridgefield, Washington, and since 2014 he has been a baseball coach at Summit High School in Bend, Oregon.	Recently, Sexson lived with his wife Michelle in Ridgefield, Washington, and since 2014 has been a baseball trainer at the Summit High School in Bend, Oregon.
1708	The current 16th Street Clubhouse was constructed under the leadership of Horace Trumbauer by architect George D. Widener.	The current 16th Street Clubhouse was built under the direction of Horace Trumbauer by the architect George D. Widener.	The current 16th Street Clubhouse was constructed under the leadership of Horace Trumbauer by architect Donald D. Widener.
1718	It was designed by Frederick William Webb and produced by local monumental masonry firm Philip Oliver Ellard Hawkes.	It was designed by Frederick William Webb and produced by the local monumental masonry company Philip Oliver Ellard Hawkes.	It was designed by Frederick Nathan Webb and produced by local monumental masonry firm Philip Oliver Ellard Hawkes.
1721	In February 2016, it was announced that Steve Poizner has joined Governor John Kasich of Ohio as National Co Chairman and California State Chairman for Kasich as President.	In February 2016, it was announced that Steve Poizner has elected Governor John Kasich of Ohio as National Co Chairman and California State Chairman for Kasich as President.	In February 2016, it was announced that Steve Poizner has joined Governor William Kasich of Ohio as National Co Chairman and California State Chairman for Kasich as President.
1722	He married Liane Maria, and had three sons:, Federal Judge of Rio Grande do Norte, Maria José Costa and Ângelo Augusto.	He married Liane Maria, and had three sons:, federal judge of Rio Grande do Norte, Maria José Costa and Ângelo Augusto.	He married Liane Erin, and had three sons:, Federal Judge of Rio Grande do Norte, Erin José Costa and Ângelo Augusto.
1727	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders, Seattle Seahawks, Detroit Lions, Jacksonville Jaguars, Cleveland Browns and Virginia Destroyers.	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders, Seattle Seahawks, Detroit Lions, Jacksonville Jaguars, Cleveland Browns, and Virginia Destroyers.	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders, Seattle Seahawks, Detroit Lions, Jacksonville Jaguars, Cleveland Browns and Lauren Destroyers.
1728	Ernest Renan visited Chalaaboun during his mission to Lebanon and described what he found in his book Mission de Phénicie (1865-1874).	Ernest Renan visited Chalaaboun during his mission in Lebanon and described what he wrote in his book Mission de Phénicie (1865-1874).	James Renan visited Chalaaboun during his mission to Lebanon and described what he found in his book Mission de Phénicie (1865-1874).
1734	Corey played the part of Carter in Ryan Little's 2007 film House of Fears.	Corey played the role of Carter in Ryan Little's 2007 film House of Fears.	Jacob played the part of Carter in Ryan Little's 2007 film House of Fears.
1738	Aditya is carried to a magical island where he helps the little locals to defeat the giant Jhamunda.	Aditya is carried to a magical island where he helps the small locals defeat the giant Jhamunda.	Jesse is carried to a magical island where he helps the little locals to defeat the giant Jhamunda.
1746	Due to the results in the last round Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg, Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg.	Based on the results in the last round Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg, Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg.	Due to the results in the last round Julian Gleason received + 30 kg, Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg.
1753	His parents were Anna Hostetter Halderman (1822-1866), a local businessman and Müller, and William Halderman (1828-1919).	His parents were Anna Hostetter Halderman (1822-1866), a local businessman and miller, and William Halderman (1828-1919).	His parents were Anna Hostetter Halderman (1822-1866), a local businessman and Müller, and Tyler Halderman (1828-1919).
1763	It also adds the personality of the character Audrey Hepburn, played by Holly Golightly.	It also adds the personality of character Audrey Hepburn, played by Holly Golightly.	It also adds the personality of the character Brooke Hepburn, played by Holly Golightly.
1766	Jarvis Bay is a summer village in Alberta, Canada, located on the eastern shore of Sylvan Lake south of Jarvis Bay Provincial Park.	Jarvis Bay is a summer village in Alberta, Canada, on the eastern shore of Sylvan Lake south of Jarvis Bay Provincial Park.	Nathaniel Bay is a summer village in Alberta, Canada, located on the eastern shore of Sylvan Lake south of Nathaniel Bay Provincial Park.
1769	Arthur decides not to tell Dick of his purchase.	Arthur decides not to tell Dick about his purchase.	Donald decides not to tell Dick of his purchase.
1774	In 1939, he joined Larry Clinton's band and moved to Claude Thornhill in 1941, to Will Bradley in 1942.	In 1939 he joined Larry Clinton's band and moved to Claude Thornhill in 1941, to Will Bradley in 1942.	In 1939, he joined Larry Clinton's band and moved to Claude Thornhill in 1941, to Alexander Bradley in 1942.
1778	Jeremy Horn lives in his hometown of Memphis, with his wife Denise and children Judah, Liam and Daisy.	Jeremy Horn lives in his hometown of Memphis, with his wife Denise and children of Judah, Liam and Daisy.	Derek Horn lives in his hometown of Memphis, with his wife Denise and children Judah, Liam and Daisy.
1781	Upland is mentioned in the 2008 Hugh Laurie Film Street Kings as home to the LAPD Internal Affairs Captain James Biggs (played by Keanu Reeves).	Upland is mentioned in the Hugh Laurie film Street Kings as the home of LAPD Internal Affairs Captain James Biggs (played by Keanu Reeves).	Upland is mentioned in the 2008 Hugh Laurie Film Street Kings as home to the LAPD Internal Affairs Captain Kyle Biggs (played by Keanu Reeves).
1786	In the first movie, the Fat Lady is played by Elizabeth Spriggs, in the third film by Dawn French.	In the first film, the Fat Lady is played by Elizabeth Spriggs, in the third film by Dawn French.	In the first movie, the Fat Lady is played by Stephanie Spriggs, in the third film by Dawn French.
1792	In 1960, Glenville also directed Robert Anderson on Broadway in Silent Night, Lonely Night by Barbara Bel Geddes and Henry Fonda.	In 1960 Glenville also directed Robert Anderson on Broadway in Silent Night, Lonely Night by Barbara Bel Geddes and Henry Fonda.	In 1960, Glenville also directed Robert Anderson on Broadway in Silent Night, Lonely Night by Barbara Bel Geddes and Henry Hailey.
1807	In September 2003, Marta Hillers (a German literature editor) identified the anonymous author as the journalist Jens Bisky, who died in 2001.	In September 2003, Marta Hillers (a German literary editor) identified the anonymous author as journalist Jens Bisky, who died in 2001.	In September 2003, Marta Hillers (a German literature editor) identified the anonymous author as the journalist Charles Bisky, who died in 2001.
1814	It is developed by Beautiful Glitch and published by Those Awesome Guys.	It is developed by Beautiful Glitch and published by They Awesome Guys.	It is developed by Kayla Glitch and published by Those Awesome Guys.
1816	The soundtrack was composed by musician Wajahat Attre, with texts by Hazin Qadri, sung by Noor Jehan and Mehnaz.	The soundtrack was composed by the musician Wajahat Attre, with lyrics by Hazin Qadri, sung by Noor Jehan and Mehnaz.	The soundtrack was composed by musician Wajahat Attre, with texts by Hazin Qadri, sung by Lindsey Jehan and Mehnaz.
1830	Geographically, the NDP campaign focused on seats in Scarborough and Etobicoke in Toronto, Hamilton, Ottawa, and North Ontario.	Geographically, the NDP campaign focused on seats in Scarborough and Etobicoke in Toronto, Hamilton, Ottawa and North Ontario.	Geographically, the NDP campaign focused on seats in Scarborough and Etobicoke in Toronto, Hamilton, Ottawa, and North Derek.
1834	Parmenion suggested crossing the river upstream and attacking the next day at dawn, but Alexander immediately attacked.	Parmenion suggested crossing the river upstream and attacking the next day at dawn, but Alexander attacked immediately.	Parmenion suggested crossing the river upstream and attacking the next day at dawn, but Brian immediately attacked.
1845	Director Ray Foley made a documentary about Casal'influences and inspirations during the making of his sixth album in 2001 entitled Neal Casal: Anytime Tomorrow.	Director Ray Foley made a documentary film about Casal's influences and inspirations during the production of his sixth album in 2001 titled Neal Casal: Anytime Tomorrow.	Director Jared Foley made a documentary about Casal'influences and inspirations during the making of his sixth album in 2001 entitled Neal Casal: Anytime Tomorrow.
1859	Her father, the democrat Calvin L. Rampton, served in the Utah State Senate and ran unsuccessfully in 1964 for the governor of Utah against Mitchell Meich.	Her father, the Democrat Calvin L. Rampton, served in the Utah Senate and ran unsuccessfully for the governor of Utah against Mitchell Meich in 1964.	Her father, the democrat Cody L. Rampton, served in the Utah State Senate and ran unsuccessfully in 1964 for the governor of Utah against Mitchell Meich.
1880	Garcia de Luna fought on the British side in the Battle of Carabobo, against Simón Bolívar and the Spanish Legions, during Venezuelan War of Independence in 1821.	Garcia de Luna fought on the British side in the Battle of Carabobo, against Simón Bolívar and the Spanish legions, during the Venezuelan War of Independence in 1821.	Garcia de Kathryn fought on the British side in the Battle of Carabobo, against Simón Bolívar and the Spanish Legions, during Venezuelan War of Independence in 1821.
1883	YU grupa guitarist Dragi Jelić, Željko Nikolić VD, Sr unk to Todorović and Roze Poze guitarist Ivan Vdović appeared as guests on the EP.	YU grupa guitarist Dragi Jelic, Željko Nikolić VD, Sr unk to Todorović and Roze Poze guitarist Ivan Vdović joined the EP as guests.	YU grupa guitarist Dragi Jelić, Željko Nikolić VD, Sr unk to Todorović and Roze Poze guitarist Isaac Vdović appeared as guests on the EP.
1886	It contained Tan Yuling's bedroom, reading room, the family hall, Buddhist chapel and the separate quarters for Empress Wan Rong and the concubine Puyi.	It contained Tan Yuling's bedroom, reading room, family hall, Buddhist chapel and separate neighborhoods for Empress Wan Rong and the Puyi concubine.	It contained Cody Yuling's bedroom, reading room, the family hall, Buddhist chapel and the separate quarters for Empress Wan Rong and the concubine Puyi.
1894	Together with his team colleague Haris Hajradinović from the Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić he came to AS Trenčín in summer 2013.	Together with his teammate Haris Hajradinović from the Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić, he came to AS Trenčín in the summer of 2013.	Together with his team colleague Stephen Hajradinović from the Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić he came to AS Trenčín in summer 2013.
1898	Mayer was author of a provocative feature film for the New York Times entitled Dead Composers, Live Audiences.	Mayer was the author of a provocative feature film for the New York Times entitled Tote Composers, Live Audiences.	Luis was author of a provocative feature film for the New York Times entitled Dead Composers, Live Audiences.
1900	Harte temporarily took over the role of Dr. Michael McBain for Nathaniel Marston on the ABC soap One Life to Live in 2007.	Harte temporarily took over the role of Dr. Michael McBain for Nathaniel Marston on the ABC soap One Life to Live.	Harte temporarily took over the role of Dr. Shawn McBain for Nathaniel Marston on the ABC soap One Life to Live in 2007.
1906	Miranda quotes Voltaire, If we do not find something pleasant at least we will find something new, and looks longingly at Oscar.	Miranda quotes Voltaire: If we don't at least find something pleasant, we'll find something new and look longingly at Oscar.	Miranda quotes Voltaire, If we do not find something pleasant at least we will find something new, and looks longingly at Mason.
1917	As part of a rationalization campaign, the company reported in January 2017 that it will close three remaining regional kitchens in Atlanta, Landover and Everett.	As part of a rationalisation campaign, the company reported in January 2017 that it will close three remaining regional kitchens in Atlanta, Landover and Everett.	As part of a rationalization campaign, the company reported in January 2017 that it will close three remaining regional kitchens in Atlanta, Landover and Matthew.
1918	John John Magufuli won the presidential election in October 2015 and secured a two-thirds majority in the parliament The Main Party or other party in Tanzania called Chadema.	John John Magufuli won the presidential election in October 2015 and secured a two-thirds majority in parliament The Main Party or other party in Tanzania called Chadema.	Brandon Brandon Magufuli won the presidential election in October 2015 and secured a two-thirds majority in the parliament The Main Party or other party in Tanzania called Chadema.
1919	David Ferrer won the title and defeated Steve Johnson in the final, 4 - 6, 6 - 4, 7 - 5.	David Ferrer won the title and defeated Steve Johnson in the final, 4 - 6, 6 - 4, 7 - 5.	David Ferrer won the title and defeated Steve Ian in the final, 4 - 6, 6 - 4, 7 - 5.
1920	Antony Worrall Thompson said the pie was intended as a treat for children and was not meant for regular consumption.	Antony Worrall Thompson said that the cake was intended as a pleasure for children and not for regular consumption.	Ethan Worrall Thompson said the pie was intended as a treat for children and was not meant for regular consumption.
1922	James Watson and Francis Crick shared the 1962 Nobel Prize for Physiology and Medicine with Rosalind Franklin; Maurice Wilkins had already died from cancer in 1958.	James Watson and Francis Crick shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology and Medicine with Rosalind Franklin in 1962; Maurice Wilkins had died of cancer in 1958.	Ethan Watson and Francis Crick shared the 1962 Nobel Prize for Physiology and Medicine with Rosalind Franklin; Maurice Wilkins had already died from cancer in 1958.
1923	Produced was directed by Cameron Crain, Richard Shelgren and Kamala Lopez and Kamala Lopez.	It was produced by Cameron Crain, Richard Shelgren, and Kamala Lopez and Kamala Lopez.	Produced was directed by Cameron Crain, Noah Shelgren and Kamala Lopez and Kamala Lopez.
1927	In 1925, Percy Hansen and Bryon Hansen bought the Jamestown Alert by William Kellogg.	In 1925, Percy Hansen and Bryon Hansen bought the Jamestown Alert by William Kellogg.	In 1925, Percy Dustin and Bryon Dustin bought the Jamestown Alert by William Kellogg.
1930	The musical films Mark Twain and Huckleberry Finn, both based on Tom Sawyer's novels, were partially shot on site.	The music films Mark Twain and Huckleberry Finn, both based on Tom Sawyer's novels, were partly filmed on site.	The musical films Mark Twain and Huckleberry Samuel, both based on Tom Sawyer's novels, were partially shot on site.
1936	His wife, Jean, daughter of Sir Jean Stewart, Baronet, and Duncan Campbell, were their children:	His wife, Jean, daughter of Sir Jean Stewart, Baronet and Duncan Campbell, were her children:	His wife, Jean, daughter of Sir Jean James, Baronet, and Duncan Campbell, were their children:
1944	Maximilien de Robespierre, the winner of the inaugural season of X Factor in France in 2009, plays the role of Sébastien Agius.	Maximilien de Robespierre, the winner of the first season of X Factor in France in 2009, plays the role of Sébastien Agius.	Maximilien Jacob Robespierre, the winner of the inaugural season of X Factor in France in 2009, plays the role of Sébastien Agius.
1951	His wife Eddy was the one who made most of the appointments with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro.	His wife Eddy was the one who made the most appointments with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro.	His wife Eddy was the one who made most of the appointments with the great artists for Taylor G. Novarro.
1955	The Samuel J. Tilden House is located on the south side of Gramercy Park, facing the park across Gramercy Park South between Irving Place and Gramercy Park West.	Samuel J. Tilden House is located on the south side of Gramercy Park, opposite the park across Gramercy Park South between Irving Place and Gramercy Park West.	The Samuel J. Evan House is located on the south side of Gramercy Park, facing the park across Gramercy Park South between Irving Place and Gramercy Park West.
1963	Christie also translated into English the biography of Francisco Sabate Llopart, Sabate: An Extraordinary Guerrilla, by Antonio Téllez Solá.	Christie also translated into English the biography of Francisco Sabate Llopart, Sabate: An Extraordinary Guerrilla, by Antonio Téllez Solá.	Christie also translated into English the biography of Francisco Sabate Llopart, Sabate: An Extraordinary Guerrilla, by Adam Téllez Solá.
1964	In 1922, Tzipora Meirov married Sharett (12 August, 1896 - 30 September, 1973) and had two sons and one daughter, Jacob, Yael and Chaim.	In 1922 Tzipora married Meirow Sharett (12 August, 1896 - 30 September, 1973) and had two sons and one daughter, Jacob, Yael and Chaim.	In 1922, Elizabeth Meirov married Sharett (12 August, 1896 - 30 September, 1973) and had two sons and one daughter, Jacob, Yael and Chaim.
1975	The occupation includes Ashwini Bhave, Nilu Phule, Sulabha Deshpandey, Savita Prabhune, Ashok Saraf, Vikram Gokhale, Raja Mayekar, Chandu Parkhi, and	The crew includes Ashwini Bhave, Nilu Phule, Sulabha Deshpandey, Satita Prabhune, Ashok Saraf, Vikram Gokhale, Raja Mayekar, Chandu Parkhi, and	The occupation includes Ashwini Bhave, Nilu Phule, Sulabha Deshpandey, Savita Prabhune, Ashok Saraf, Vikram Gokhale, Cody Mayekar, Chandu Parkhi, and
1979	At the 2013 South by Southwest Festival, director Brent Hodge and producer Chris Kelly made a retrospective of Nardwuar's career for Time.	At the 2013 South by Southwest Festival, director Brent Hodge and producer Chris Kelly made a retrospective of Nardwuar's career for Time.	At the 2013 South by Southwest Festival, director Brent Hodge and producer Jeremiah Kelly made a retrospective of Nardwuar's career for Time.
1985	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 - 4, 6 - 4 in the final to win the title.	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 - 4, 6 - 4 in the final to win the title.	Alexander Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 - 4, 6 - 4 in the final to win the title.
1994	On November 24, 2012, Franscoviak married writer Maggie McGuane. The two live in Livingston, Montana with her children Maisie and Charlie Kirn.	On November 24, 2012, Franscoviak married the writer Maggie McGuane. They live with their children Maisie and Charlie Kirn in Livingston, Montana.	On November 24, 2012, Franscoviak married writer Maggie McGuane. The two live in Livingston, Montana with her children Kimberly and Charlie Kirn.
1995	Carrie played the entertainment manager and Willie Garson's gay friend Stanford Blatch.	Carrie played the entertainment manager and Willie Garson's gay friend Stanford Blatch.	Heather played the entertainment manager and Willie Garson's gay friend Stanford Blatch.
1996	Malek Jaziri won the title, defeating Mischa Zverev 4 - 6, 6 - 3, 6 - 3 in the final.	Malek Jaziri won the title and defeated Mischa Zverev 4 - 6, 6 - 3, 6 - 3 in the final.	Nicholas Jaziri won the title, defeating Mischa Zverev 4 - 6, 6 - 3, 6 - 3 in the final.
2003	On July 26, 2012, Gu Kailai was charged with the murder of Neil Heywood.	In July 2012, Gu Kailai was charged with the murder of Neil Heywood.	On July 26, 2012, Gu Kailai was charged with the murder of Mason Heywood.
2004	Kirk Deighton is operated from Route 780, Knaresborough to Wetherby, and Route X70, Kirk Deighton to Harrogate via Wetherby and Spofforth.	Kirk Deighton is operated from Route 780, Knaresborough to Wetherby and Route X70, Kirk Deighton to Harrogate via Wetherby and Spofforth.	Daniel Deighton is operated from Route 780, Knaresborough to Wetherby, and Route X70, Daniel Deighton to Harrogate via Wetherby and Spofforth.
2015	It was Seymour and Lowell Worley of the local office of Colombia who persuaded Kessler to have a Ray test record.	It was Seymour and Lowell Worley from the local office of Colombia who persuaded Kessler to a Ray test record.	It was Seymour and Lowell Worley of the local office of Colombia who persuaded Kessler to have a Michael test record.
2021	The album was recorded in Brian Elliot Studios in North Hollywood, California, with the engineer David Hines and co-producer Jay Lansford.	The album was recorded at Brian Elliot Studios in North Hollywood, California, with engineer David Hines and co-producer Jay Lansford.	The album was recorded in Brian Elliot Studios in North Hollywood, California, with the engineer George Hines and co-producer Jay Lansford.
2024	María Rosario Santos y Navarro was born the second of six children of Winifredo Santos, a physician, and Nora Navarro.	María Rosario Santos y Navarro was born the second of six children of the doctor Winifredo Santos and Nora Navarro.	María Rosario Christopher y Navarro was born the second of six children of Winifredo Christopher, a physician, and Nora Navarro.
2033	Edward J. McKenna was a professional baseball player who played in 32 games for the Washington National Association of Union in 1884.	Edward J. McKenna was a professional baseball player who played 32 games for the Washington National Association of Union in 1884.	Edward J. Danielle was a professional baseball player who played in 32 games for the Washington National Association of Union in 1884.
2037	It was their third shot with the first Peaches, Linda Greene.	It was her third shot with the first Peaches, Linda Greene.	It was their third shot with the first Peaches, Anna Greene.
2044	Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova won the title, 6 - 2, 6 - 1, defeating Serena Williams in the final.	Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova won the title, 6 - 2, 6 - 1, defeated Serena Williams in the final.	Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova won the title, 6 - 2, 6 - 1, defeating Evelyn Williams in the final.
2053	McLaughlin died in Oshawa in 1921 of colon cancer, and his brother James was a doctor and member of the Ontario Assembly.	McLaughlin died of colon cancer in Oshawa in 1921 and his brother James was a doctor and member of the Ontario Assembly.	McLaughlin died in Oshawa in 1921 of colon cancer, and his brother Adrian was a doctor and member of the Ontario Assembly.
2056	Howes married three times in his life: to Lillian Pechin in 1923, Catherine Tabor in 1932, and Mary Donovan Howard in 1937.	Howes married three times in his life: Lillian Pechin in 1923, Catherine Tabor in 1932, and Mary Donovan Howard in 1937.	Howes married three times in his life: to Lillian Pechin in 1923, Catherine Tabor in 1932, and Mary Donovan Bradley in 1937.
2059	People from all over Lujiang came to China to look at Zhou Yu's reverence.	People from all over Lujiang came to China to look at Zhou Yu's awe.	People from all over Lujiang came to China to look at Zhou Edward's reverence.
2070	Enter through the southern gate, turn left and worship on the east side Ganapathy, Shiva and Ayyappan.	Enter the southern gate, turn left and worship Ganapathy, Shiva and Ayyappan on the east side.	Enter through the southern gate, turn left and worship on the east side Ganapathy, Kyle and Ayyappan.
2074	Other R'D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Thomas M. Logan, Colonel Andrew Talcott, and Talcott's son, Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott.	Other R'D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Thomas M. Logan, Colonel Andrew Talcott, and Talcott's son, Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott.	Other R'D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Thomas M. Logan, Colonel Andrew Talcott, and Talcott's son, Thomas Mann Jesse Talcott.
2082	On March 12, 1801, Eling was with the British fleet under Admiral Sir Hyde Parker and sailed in the Battle of Copenhagen (1801).	On 12 March 1801, Eling was with the British fleet under Admiral Sir Hyde Parker and sailed at the Battle of Copenhagen (1801).	On March 12, 1801, Eling was with the British fleet under Admiral Sir Hyde Marcus and sailed in the Battle of Copenhagen (1801).
2084	Iva Majoli won the title by defeating Mary Pierce in the final with 6: 4, 6: 4.	Iva Majoli won the title by defeating Mary Pierce in the final with 6: 4, 6: 4.	Iva Majoli won the title by defeating Mary Stephen in the final with 6: 4, 6: 4.
2108	In addition to strictly modern scientific work, de Broglie thought and wrote about the philosophy of science, including the value of scientific discoveries.	In addition to the strictly modern scientific work, de Broglie thought and wrote about the philosophy of science, including the value of scientific discoveries.	In addition to strictly modern scientific work, Nathan Broglie thought and wrote about the philosophy of science, including the value of scientific discoveries.
2117	In Europe he appeared in Le Lido in Paris and sang with Betty Grable in the London West End Musical Belle Starr.	In Europe he performed in Le Lido in Paris and sang with Betty Grable in London's West End Musical Belle Starr.	In Europe he appeared in Le Lido in Paris and sang with Betty Grable in the London West End Musical Belle Emma.
2118	David Tatuashvili, another Georgian partisan of Soviet origin, described the funeral as follows:	David Tatuashvili, another Georgian partisan of Soviet origin, described the funeral as follows:	Patrick Tatuashvili, another Georgian partisan of Soviet origin, described the funeral as follows:
2121	In the week before the first race, Barwa Addax - pilot Josef Král was replaced by Dani Clos, and Brendon Hartley also replaced Jon Lancaster from Ocean Racing Technology.	In the week before the first race, Barwa Addax - pilot Josef Král was replaced by Dani Clos, and Brendon Hartley also replaced Jon Lancaster of Ocean Racing Technology.	In the week before the first race, Barwa Addax - pilot Josef Král was replaced by Dani Clos, and Evan Hartley also replaced Jon Lancaster from Ocean Racing Technology.
2130	Jacky Jasper and Marc Live joined forces with Kool Keith to release two albums as KHM.	Jacky Jasper and Marc Live have released two KHM albums together with Kool Keith.	Jacky Jasper and Marc Live joined forces with Kool Juan to release two albums as KHM.
2144	Suzie Cappetta would work and record with various acts, including Christian hard rock, the R'B group Stevie'the Saints and Jimmy Ellis.	Suzie Cappetta would work with various acts and record, including Christian Hard Rock, the R'B group Stevie'the Saints and Jimmy Ellis.	Suzie Cappetta would work and record with various acts, including Christian hard rock, the R'B group Stevie'the Saints and Patrick Ellis.
2150	Although Andrew Anthony in The Observer was more critical and A.A. Gill of The Sunday Times was unimpressed.	Although Andrew Anthony was more critical in The Observer and A.A. Gill of The Sunday Times was unimpressed.	Although Julian Anthony in The Observer was more critical and A.A. Gill of The Sunday Times was unimpressed.
2162	Thomas was the youngest child of farmers Fred and Elizabeth Goodwill.	Thomas was the youngest child of the farmers Fred and Elizabeth Goodwill.	Thomas was the youngest child of farmers Tyler and Elizabeth Goodwill.
2167	In 2015, Richard Branson offered Stephen Hawking a seat for free in the spaceship Virgin Galactic.	In 2015, Richard Branson offered Stephen Hawking a free spot on the starship Virgin Galactic.	In 2015, Richard Branson offered Shawn Hawking a seat for free in the spaceship Virgin Galactic.
2169	In 1994, Crowden played the role of Professor Pollux in the BBC TV adaptation of the John Hadfield - novel Love on a Branch Line.	In 1994, Crowden played the role of Professor Pollux in the BBC TV adaptation of John Hadfield's novel Love on a Branch Line.	In 1994, Crowden played the role of Professor Pollux in the BBC TV adaptation of the Carlos Hadfield - novel Love on a Branch Line.
2171	Aman is in love with Neha (Boman Irani), daughter of Mr Patel (Nandana Sen), a conventional Gujarati.	Aman is in love with Neha (Boman Irani), daughter of Mr. Patel (Nandana Sen), a conventional Gujarati.	Aman is in love with Brooke (Boman Irani), daughter of Mr Patel (Nandana Sen), a conventional Gujarati.
2173	After The Kids was recorded with the drummer Nick Van Gelder, all Spcae cowboy tracks were recorded with Derrick except The Kids.	After The Kids was recorded with drummer Nick Van Gelder, all Spcae Cowboy tracks were recorded with Derrick except The Kids.	After The Kids was recorded with the drummer Nick Van Gelder, all Spcae cowboy tracks were recorded with Caleb except The Kids.
2176	Deepak Chand Lall who lives in (New Jersey) Meena Gupta (Mumbai) and Madhuri Jaiswal (Kolkata)	Deepak Chand Lall, lives in (New Jersey) Meena Gupta (Mumbai) and Madhuri Jaiswal (Kolkata)	Jonathan Chand Lall who lives in (New Jersey) Meena Gupta (Mumbai) and Madhuri Jaiswal (Kolkata)
2181	In 1489, Juan Ruiz de Medina was confirmed by the King of Spain and selected by Pope Innocent VIII as Bishop of Astorga.	In 1489 Juan Ruiz de Medina was confirmed by the King of Spain and appointed Bishop of Astorga by Pope Innocent VIII.	In 1489, Juan Ruiz Jesus Medina was confirmed by the King of Spain and selected by Pope Innocent VIII as Bishop of Astorga.
2199	The film was aired by Peter Collinson and produced by Harry Alan Towers.	The film was broadcast by Peter Collinson and produced by Harry Alan Towers.	The film was aired by Peter Collinson and produced by Harry Aiden Towers.
2202	The field also included Olympian (and in 1932 Olympic champion) John Anderson of Cornell and future world record player Paul Jessup of Washington in 1928.	The field also included Olympian (and 1932 Olympic champion) John Anderson of Cornell and later world record player Paul Jessup of Washington in 1928.	The field also included Olympian (and in 1932 Olympic champion) John Jeremiah of Cornell and future world record player Paul Jessup of Washington in 1928.
2208	Tynion followed up the series with an additional horror comic for Thrillbent, The House In The Wall, co-written by Noah J. Yuenkel and drawn by Eryk Donovan.	Tynion followed the series with another horror comic for Thrillbent, The House In The Wall, co-written by Noah J. Yuenkel and drawn by Eryk Donovan.	Tynion followed up the series with an additional horror comic for Thrillbent, The House In The Wall, co-written by Noah J. Yuenkel and drawn by Eryk Aaron.
2212	The mountain was named by Charles Gould in 1863 after geologist Charles Lyell, a supporter of Charles Darwin.	The mountain was named in 1863 by Charles Gould after the geologist Charles Lyell, a supporter of Charles Darwin.	The mountain was named by Dylan Gould in 1863 after geologist Dylan Lyell, a supporter of Dylan Darwin.
2213	In 2007, Harte temporarily took over the role of Dr. Nathaniel Marston for Michael McBain at ABC - Soap One Life to Live.	In 2007, Harte temporarily took over the role of Dr. Nathaniel Marston for Michael McBain at ABC - Soap One Life to Live.	In 2007, Harte temporarily took over the role of Dr. Anthony Marston for Michael McBain at ABC - Soap One Life to Live.
2226	Swami Brahmananda (1863 - 1922), whose original name was Rakhal Chandra Ghosh, was son of a zemindar in the Basirhat area.	Swami Brahmananda (1863 - 1922), whose original name was Rakhal Chandra Ghosh, was the son of a Zemindar in the Basirhat area.	Swami Brahmananda (1863 - 1922), whose original name was Rakhal Danielle Ghosh, was son of a zemindar in the Basirhat area.
2227	His father has called him Ali, and his nickname was Murtaza.	His father called him Ali and his nickname was Murtaza.	His father has called him Evan, and his nickname was Murtaza.
2228	He gives his name as Karl Marx, which types a service officer as Carl Marx.	He gives his name as Karl Marx, who calls a service officer Carl Marx.	He gives his name as John Marx, which types a service officer as Carl Marx.
2230	In 1894, Kathleen Codner married Kathleen Warner, daughter of Carlos E. Warner, and the couple had three children: John W., George C. and Kathleen.	In 1894, Kathleen Codner married Kathleen Warner, daughter of Carlos E. Warner, and the couple had three children: John W., George C., and Kathleen.	In 1894, Grace Codner married Grace Warner, daughter of Carlos E. Warner, and the couple had three children: John W., George C. and Grace.
2237	James James has to deal with the unfriendly Ralph Beamish, an arrogant horse owner who always ignores his advice.	James James is dealing with the unfriendly Ralph Beamish, an arrogant horse owner who always ignores his advice.	Peter Peter has to deal with the unfriendly Ralph Beamish, an arrogant horse owner who always ignores his advice.
2238	Two other authors have since managed this - Peter Carey (in 1988 and 2001) and Hilary Mantel (in 2009 and 2012).	Two other authors have done this in the meantime - Peter Carey (1988 and 2001) and Hilary Mantel (2009 and 2012).	Two other authors have since managed this - Peter Haley (in 1988 and 2001) and Hilary Mantel (in 2009 and 2012).
2243	Halperin and Jay Velie introduced the song I Love You by Thompson and Archer.	Halperin and Jay Velie introduced the song I Love You by Thompson and Archer.	Halperin and Jay Velie introduced the song I Love You by Thompson and Henry.
2249	Elizabeth Warren is the senior United States Senator from Massachusetts, a former member of the Republican Party and currently a member of the Democratic Party.	Elizabeth Warren is the older U.S. Senator from Massachusetts, a former member of the Republican Party and currently a member of the Democratic Party.	Elizabeth Dylan is the senior United States Senator from Massachusetts, a former member of the Republican Party and currently a member of the Democratic Party.
2253	Aimee Semple McPherson engaged Brook Hawkins from the Winter Construction Company, the architect of the Culver Hotel, the Metropolitan Theatre des Grauman and the Pasadena Playhouse.	Aimee Semple McPherson engaged Brook Hawkins of the Winter Construction Company, the architect of the Culver Hotel, the Metropolitan Theatre des Grauman and the Pasadena Playhouse.	Aimee Semple McPherson engaged Brook Bradley from the Winter Construction Company, the architect of the Culver Hotel, the Metropolitan Theatre des Grauman and the Pasadena Playhouse.
2275	William Debenham, born in Alpheton, Suffolk in 1794, joined Thomas Clark in a partnership to lead a draper's store at Wigmore Street 44 in London.	William Debenham, born in Alpheton, Suffolk in 1794, joined Thomas Clark in a partnership to run a Draper's business on Wigmore Street 44 in London.	Christopher Debenham, born in Alpheton, Suffolk in 1794, joined Thomas Clark in a partnership to lead a draper's store at Wigmore Street 44 in London.
2276	On January 15, 2014, Douglas was traded to the Boston Celtics in a three-team deal involving the Warriors and the Miami Heat.	On January 1, 2014, Douglas was traded to the Boston Celtics in a three-team deal with the Warriors and the Miami Heat.	On January 15, 2014, Julian was traded to the Boston Celtics in a three-team deal involving the Warriors and the Miami Heat.
2279	As a child, Beatrice met Campbell on Edie Martyn (Jonathan Dakers).	As a child, Beatrice met Campbell on Edie Martyn (Jonathan Dakers).	As a child, Beatrice met Taylor on Edie Martyn (Jonathan Dakers).
2295	Potter married in 1945. He and his wife Mary (a weaver) had two children, Anne (born 1947) and Julian (born 1952).	Potter married in 1945. He and his wife Mary (a weaver) had two children, Anne (born 1947) and Julian (born 1952).	Potter married in 1945. He and his wife Chelsea (a weaver) had two children, Anne (born 1947) and Julian (born 1952).
2301	 Thomas Joseph Mboya was a very good friend and confidante of Eric, words of third Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki during the funeral of Khasakhala.	 Thomas Joseph Mboya was a very good friend and confidant of Eric, said the third Kenyan president Mwai Kibaki at the funeral of Khasakhala.	 Thomas Joseph Mboya was a very good friend and confidante of Angel, words of third Kenyan President Mwai Kibaki during the funeral of Khasakhala.
2302	His meeting with Naresh Fernandes is documented in the book Taj-Mahal Foxtrot from Dave Brubeck in 2011.	His meeting with Naresh Fernandes is documented in the book Taj-Mahal Foxtrot by Dave Brubeck in 2011.	His meeting with Naresh Fernandes is documented in the book Taj-Mahal Foxtrot from Connor Brubeck in 2011.
2303	Indonesian President Suharto visited Syria in October 1977. Syrian Prime Minister Mahmoud Zubei visited Indonesia in June 1997, and Syrian Prime Minister Naji Ottri in January 2009.	Indonesian President Suharto visited Syria in October 1977. Syrian Prime Minister Mahmoud Zubei visited Indonesia in June 1997 and Syrian Prime Minister Naji Ottri in January 2009.	Indonesian President Suharto visited Syria in October 1977. Syrian Prime Minister Jack Zubei visited Indonesia in June 1997, and Syrian Prime Minister Naji Ottri in January 2009.
2312	In 1932, Marion Byron married the film actress and comedian Lou Breslow and remained married until her death in 1985.	In 1932, Marion Byron married the actress and comedian Lou Breslow and remained married until her death in 1985.	In 1932, Marion Byron married the film actress and comedian Christina Breslow and remained married until her death in 1985.
2316	In Kyle's body, Parallax captured John Stewart, Guy Gardner, and Hal Jordan and brought them to Qward.	In Kyle's body, Parallax captured John Stewart, Guy Gardner, and Hal Jordan and brought them to Qward.	In Kyle's body, Parallax captured John Stewart, Guy Adrian, and Hal Jordan and brought them to Qward.
2320	Matt Fishel also created all the artwork for Phillips's debut album, Not Thinking Straight, which was released in April 2013 on Young Lust Records.	Matt Fishel also created the entire artwork for Phillip's debut album Not Thinking Straight, which was released on Young Lust Records in April 2013.	Noah Fishel also created all the artwork for Phillips's debut album, Not Thinking Straight, which was released in April 2013 on Young Lust Records.
2341	At Shine 8, Valkyrie defeated Amazing Kong, Angelina Love, Christina Von Eerie, and Mia Yim in an eight-woman tag team match.	At Shine 8, Valkyrie defeated Amazing Kong, Angelina Love, Christina Von Eerie and Mia Yim in an eight-woman-day team game.	At Shine 8, Valkyrie defeated Amazing Kong, Angelina Love, Christina Von Eerie, and Laura Yim in an eight-woman tag team match.
2344	It was also produced by Nancy Sinatra in 1966 on her album Boots and PP Arnold produced once again by Andrew Loog Oldham in 1970.	It was also produced in 1966 by Nancy Sinatra on their album Boss and PP Arnold, which were again produced by Andrew Loog Oldham in 1970.	It was also produced by Tiffany Sinatra in 1966 on her album Boots and PP Arnold produced once again by Andrew Loog Oldham in 1970.
2348	Katharina Knie is a German musical by Mischa Spoliansky with a libretto by Robert Gilbert composed.	Katharina Knie is a German musical by Mischa Spoliansky with a libretto by Robert Gilbert.	Katharina Knie is a German musical by Mischa Spoliansky with a libretto by Robert Hunter composed.
2350	But instead of returning to heaven, Annie decided to join Chris in hell forever.	But instead of returning to heaven, Annie decided to accompany Chris to hell forever.	But instead of returning to heaven, Annie decided to join Stephen in hell forever.
2354	He won New Brunswick's Saint John - Lancaster electoral district in the 1974 federal election and served in the 30th Canadian Parliament.	He won New Brunswick's Saint John - Lancaster constituency in the 1974 Bundestag election and served in the 30th Canadian Parliament.	He won New Brunswick's Saint Jack - Lancaster electoral district in the 1974 federal election and served in the 30th Canadian Parliament.
2356	When Justice Tyler died in 1813, John Tyler inherited Greenway at the age of 23.	When Judge Tyler died in 1813, John Tyler inherited Greenway at the age of 23.	When Justice Tyler died in 1813, Julian Tyler inherited Greenway at the age of 23.
2358	It was followed by Jon Morgan (2000 - 2007), Paul Gudgin (2007 - 2008) and Kath Mainland (2008-2015).	It was followed by Jon Morgan (2000 - 2007), Paul Gudgin (2007 - 2008) and Kath Kontinental (2008-2015).	It was followed by Juan Morgan (2000 - 2007), Paul Gudgin (2007 - 2008) and Kath Mainland (2008-2015).
2370	Some of the company documents were secured by Victor Jaques, the former secretary of Ina Jorgensen, who had fled abroad.	Some of the company's documents were secured by Victor Jaques, the former secretary of Ina Jorgensen, who had fled abroad.	Some of the company documents were secured by Samuel Jaques, the former secretary of Ina Jorgensen, who had fled abroad.
2378	The Cobblers fell to 16th in 1991 - 92, before they dropped to 20th place in 1992 - 93 under Phil Chard.	The cobblers fell to 16th place - 92 in 1991, before falling to 20th place in 1992 - 93 under Phil Chard.	The Cobblers fell to 16th in 1991 - 92, before they dropped to 20th place in 1992 - 93 under Luis Chard.
2379	As a Dr. Pepper salesman, Bob knew all the local grocery owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy.	As a Dr. Pepper salesman, Bob knew all the local food owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy.	As a Dr. Pepper salesman, Jesus knew all the local grocery owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy.
2387	When Robin Hunter retired in 1967, the administration was reorganized and Stokes became medical director and psychiatrist - Chief.	When Robin Hunter retired in 1967, the administration was reorganized and Stokes became medical director and psychiatrist chief.	When Samantha Hunter retired in 1967, the administration was reorganized and Stokes became medical director and psychiatrist - Chief.
2388	People from all over Lujiang came to China to look at Zhou Yu's reverence.	People from all over Lujiang came to China to look at Zhou Yu's awe.	People from all over Lujiang came to China to look at Zhou Nathaniel's reverence.
2390	The film stars Lyllian Leighton (billed as Adrienne Kroell, Lillian Leighton) and Jack Nelson.	==Filmography=====Film======Television======Television=====References====External links==	The film stars Lyllian Leighton (billed as Adrienne Kroell, Lillian Leighton) and Jack Jose.
2396	In 1962, further restoration was carried out for William Cardinal Godfrey, who had appointed the poet and mystic John Bradburne as caretaker.	In 1962, another restoration was carried out for William Cardinal Godfrey, who had appointed the poet and mystic John Bradburne as caretaker.	In 1962, further restoration was carried out for Stephen Cardinal Godfrey, who had appointed the poet and mystic John Bradburne as caretaker.
2405	 Hard to Do is a song by American singer K. Michelle from her second studio album Anybody Wan na Buy a Heart? 	Hard to Do is a song by American singer K. Michelle from her second studio album Anybody Wan na Buy a Heart?	 Hard to Do is a song by American singer K. Holly from her second studio album Anybody Wan na Buy a Heart? 
2408	Cassandra Peterson also appeared in Peaches Christ's All About Evil with Patrick Bristow, Mink Stole and Brown.	Cassandra Peterson also appeared in Peaches Christi's All About Evil with Patrick Bristow, Mink Stole and Brown.	Cassandra Peterson also appeared in Peaches Christ's All About Evil with Cameron Bristow, Mink Stole and Brown.
2409	Danielle, Nadine, and Mark have their pictures visible in the school display case.	Danielle, Nadine and Mark have to see their pictures in the school showcase.	Danielle, Nadine, and Brian have their pictures visible in the school display case.
2415	Robert retaliated against the recalcitrant John by sending a troop of soldiers from Brabant to Bangor.	Robert took revenge on the rebellious John by sending a troop of soldiers from Brabant to Bangor.	Edward retaliated against the recalcitrant John by sending a troop of soldiers from Brabant to Bangor.
2421	Sir Herbert was re-elected to the new seat of Croydon East and was returned in 1951.	Sir Herbert was again elected to the new seat of Croydon East and returned in 1951.	Sir Mason was re-elected to the new seat of Croydon East and was returned in 1951.
2426	Nathan Bryon was cast in the role of Joey Ellis, who would be introduced as a friend of the established character Tiger Dyke from his hometown.	Nathan Bryon was in the role of Joey Ellis, who was to be introduced from his hometown as a friend of the established character Tiger Dyke.	Anthony Bryon was cast in the role of Joey Ellis, who would be introduced as a friend of the established character Tiger Dyke from his hometown.
2428	Sandra Klemenschits and Andreja Klepač won the title, defeating Kristina Barrois and Eleni Daniilidou in the final, 6 - 1, 6 - 4.	Sandra Klemenschits and Andreja Klepač won the title and defeated Kristina Barrois and Eleni Daniilidou in the final, 6 - 1, 6 - 4.	Sandra Klemenschits and Andreja Klepač won the title, defeating Kayla Barrois and Eleni Daniilidou in the final, 6 - 1, 6 - 4.
2441	The song became the first title song of the main characters, Vincent (Jay Ryan) and Catherine (Kristin Kreuk).	The song became the first title song of the main characters, Vincent (Jay Ryan) and Catherine (Kristin Kreuk).	The song became the first title song of the main characters, Vincent (Alex Ryan) and Catherine (Kristin Kreuk).
2446	Thomas John (born February 12, 1979) is an American entrepreneur who, in 2008, founded Tom Patterson Company.	Tom Patterson (born February 22, 1979) is an American businessman who founded the Tom Patterson Company in 2008.	Thomas Bradley (born February 12, 1979) is an American entrepreneur who, in 2008, founded Tom Patterson Company.
2456	At the same time Klaus Elena meets and asks Elena and Stefan to go with him so that they can start the ritual that will break the curse.	At the same time, Klaus meets Elena and asks Elena and Stefan to go with him so that they can begin the ritual that will break the curse.	At the same time Klaus Elena meets and asks Elena and Mark to go with him so that they can start the ritual that will break the curse.
2479	The Muslim Students Society of Nigeria (MSSN) was cofounded in 1954 by Abdurrahaman Sahid, Babs Fafunwa, Tajudeen Aromashodun, Lateef Adegbite in Lagos.	The Muslim Students Society of Nigeria (MSSN) was founded in 1954 by Abdurrahaman Sahid, Babs Fafunwa, Tajudeen Aromashodun, Lateef Adegbite in Lagos.	The Muslim Students Society of Nigeria (MSSN) was cofounded in 1954 by Abdurrahaman Sahid, Babs Fafunwa, Tajudeen Aromashodun, Juan Adegbite in Lagos.
2484	Mewes produced many female protégés and it is said that Ward was the prototype.	Mewes produced many female protegés and it is said that Ward was the prototype.	Mewes produced many female protégés and it is said that Nicholas was the prototype.
2485	Richard Biddle was the brother of the American financier Nicholas Biddle, nephew of Congressman Edward Biddle, and Congressman Charles Biddle's uncle.	Richard Biddle was the brother of American financier Nicholas Biddle, nephew of Congressman Edward Biddle, and Congressman Charles Biddle's uncle.	Richard Biddle was the brother of the American financier Isaac Biddle, nephew of Congressman Edward Biddle, and Congressman Charles Biddle's uncle.
2490	Carlos Robacio, BIM5 commander, was awarded to the Argentine nation by the Valour in Combat Medal, and the Bataillon itself was awarded the Argentine Congress in 2002.	Carlos Robacio, BIM5 commander, was awarded to the Argentine nation by the Valour in Combat Medal, and the battalion itself was awarded the Argentine Congress in 2002.	John Robacio, BIM5 commander, was awarded to the Argentine nation by the Valour in Combat Medal, and the Bataillon itself was awarded the Argentine Congress in 2002.
2513	Isaac John Calvin McCoy's son, Isaac, is generally considered the father of Kansas City after he formally founded the city.	Isaac John Calvin McCoy's son, Isaac, is generally considered the father of Kansas City after he officially founded the city.	Christian John Calvin McCoy's son, Christian, is generally considered the father of Kansas City after he formally founded the city.
2517	They had a neighborhood allies including the collopys (Brian Collopy and Phillip Collopy).	They had a neighborhood allies including the collopies (Brian Collopy and Phillip Collopy).	They had a neighborhood allies including the collopys (Isaac Collopy and Phillip Collopy).
2530	Husain Mohammad, the father of Latifun Nisan, was the son of Mohammad Jamal ibn Muhammad Adam ibn Zainuddin ibn Moinuddin ibn Qazi Fatehullah of Tijara.	Husayn Mohammad, the father of Latifun Nisan, was the son of Mohammad Jamal ibn Muhammad Adam ibn Zainuddin ibn Moinuddin ibn Qazi Fatehullah of Tijara.	Husain Mohammad, the father of Latifun Nisan, was the son of Mohammad Richard ibn Muhammad Adam ibn Zainuddin ibn Moinuddin ibn Qazi Fatehullah of Tijara.
2531	One night, Rick contacts Maddy and informs her of Jill's sudden death.	One night Rick contacts Maddy and informs her about Jill's sudden death.	One night, Julian contacts Maddy and informs her of Jill's sudden death.
2535	Independent Des Shadrick won a by-election in Holsworthy with a majority of 66 votes after the death of Liberal Democrat councillor Pam Johns.	After the death of the liberal-democratic councillor Pam Johns, the Independent Des Shadrick won a by-election in Holsworthy with 66 votes.	Independent Des Dylan won a by-election in Holsworthy with a majority of 66 votes after the death of Liberal Democrat councillor Pam Johns.
2543	Produced by Oscar Hammerstein II, the show by Reginald Hammerstein was choreographed (the brother of Arthur Hammerstein) and was led by Danny Dare.	Produced by Oscar Hammerstein II, the show was choreographed by Reginald Hammerstein (the brother of Arthur Hammerstein) and was led by Danny Dare.	Produced by Oscar Hammerstein II, the show by Nathan Hammerstein was choreographed (the brother of Arthur Hammerstein) and was led by Danny Dare.
2546	Armand Alexander de Castagny was a Lieutenant in the French siege of Antwerp in 1832, and later he served in Algiers.	Armand Alexander de Castagna was a lieutenant in the French siege of Antwerp in 1832, and later served in Algiers.	Armand Alexander Logan Castagny was a Lieutenant in the French siege of Antwerp in 1832, and later he served in Algiers.
2547	Gabriel annihilated Weiss and his troops and attacked them on 14 October.	Gabriel destroyed Weiss and his troops and attacked them on October 14th.	Isaac annihilated Weiss and his troops and attacked them on 14 October.
2549	With the help of bassist Camus Celli, keyboarder Guy Daniel and drummer Pat Schick, guitars and keyboards played on the album.	With the help of bassist Camus Celli, keyboardist Guy Daniel and drummer Pat Schick played guitars and keyboards on the album.	With the help of bassist Camus Celli, keyboarder Guy Daniel and drummer Steven Schick, guitars and keyboards played on the album.
2553	Therefore, on 25 February 1232, Archbishop Robert of Esztergom placed the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict and excommunicated some high dignitaries of the king.	On February 25, 1232, Archbishop Robert of Esztergom placed the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict and excommunicated some high dignitaries of the King.	Therefore, on 25 February 1232, Archbishop Donald of Esztergom placed the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict and excommunicated some high dignitaries of the king.
2573	Godman was a paramour of the Lou Blonger (né John Homer French), bookmaker for Jackie French.	Godman was a paramour of the Lou Blonger ('né' John Homer French), bookmaker for Jackie French.	Godman was a paramour of the Lou Blonger (né John Homer French), bookmaker for Kristin French.
2579	In the 2014 film Get On Up, a biography of Josh Hopkins, depicted by James Brown, bass is produced by Bryan Grazer and Mick Jagger.	In the film Get On Up, a biography of Josh Hopkins, portrayed by James Brown, bass is produced by Bryan Grazer and Mick Jagger.	In the 2014 film Get On Up, a biography of Josh Hopkins, depicted by Andrew Brown, bass is produced by Bryan Grazer and Mick Jagger.
2580	Although A.A. Gill was critical in The Observer and Andrew Anthony of The Sunday Times was unimpressed.	Although A.A. Gill was critical in The Observer and Andrew Anthony of The Sunday Times, he was unimpressed.	Although A.A. Gill was critical in The Observer and Andrew Ian of The Sunday Times was unimpressed.
2582	The trustees were Mr. Sophie McRoberts, James McRoberts and Glenn Allen, the Sunday School Superintendent was Mrs. Robert Erwin.	The trustees were Sophie McRoberts, James McRoberts and Glenn Allen, the Sunday School Superintendent was Robert Erwin.	The trustees were Mr. Sophie McRoberts, James McRoberts and Glenn Allen, the Sunday School Superintendent was Mrs. Richard Erwin.
2584	Colonel Koski died in 1989 and Colonel Lieutenant Ray died on New Year's Eve 1989.	Colonel Koski died in 1989 and Lieutenant Colonel Ray died on New Year's Eve in 1989.	Colonel Koski died in 1989 and Colonel Lieutenant Elijah died on New Year's Eve 1989.
2591	She also had a supporting role in the 1992 film Dolores Perrigrew, as Bob Roberts.	She also had a supporting role in the 1992 film Dolores Perrigrew as Bob Roberts.	She also had a supporting role in the 1992 film Dolores Perrigrew, as Travis Roberts.
2611	She finds new creative hope and friendship in Enzo, the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new heights.	She finds new creative hope and friendship in Enzo, the substitute guitarist who inspires her to reach new heights.	She finds new creative hope and friendship in Kevin, the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new heights.
2636	In Natchez, Ingraham married Phillips Brooks, a cousin of Mary Brooks.	He married Ingraham Phillips Brooks, a cousin of Mary Brooks.	In Natchez, Ingraham married Phillips Richard, a cousin of Mary Richard.
2640	Holly begins to suffer from a heart attack and is unable to venture into the concert with Hodges and Jerome, but urges them to press on.	Holly starts to suffer from a heart attack and is not able to venture into the concert with Hodges and Jerome, but asks her to continue.	Holly begins to suffer from a heart attack and is unable to venture into the concert with Hodges and Alex, but urges them to press on.
2646	Spartanburg is included in the Metropolitan Statistical Area Greenville, which is also included in the Union County - Spartanburg, SC - Anderson, SC Combined Statistical Service.	Spartanburg is located in the Metropolitan Statistical Area Greenville, which also includes in Union County - Spartanburg, SC - Anderson, SC Combined Statistical Service.	Spartanburg is included in the Metropolitan Statistical Area Greenville, which is also included in the Union County - Spartanburg, SC - Jose, SC Combined Statistical Service.
2651	In the 2014 film Get On Up, a biography of Josh Hopkins, depicted by James Brown, bass is produced by Bryan Grazer and Mick Jagger.	In the film Get On Up, a biography of Josh Hopkins, portrayed by James Brown, bass is produced by Bryan Grazer and Mick Jagger.	In the 2014 film Get On Up, a biography of Josh Hopkins, depicted by James Brown, bass is produced by Bryan Grazer and Travis Jagger.
2652	Lily used her own experiences with Macca to convince Cassie to leave Kyle.	Lily used her own experience with Macca to convince Cassie to leave Kyle.	Lily used her own experiences with Macca to convince Cassie to leave Jesse.
2654	This was the 4th season in the MLS for the Philadelphia and the first full year under manager John Hackworth.	This was the fourth season in the MLS for the Philadelphia and the first full year under coach John Hackworth.	This was the 4th season in the MLS for the Philadelphia and the first full year under manager Jackson Hackworth.
2656	April 9: RHP Ben Rowen and C Brian Ward traded to Los Angeles Dodgers for RHP Ryan Webb and C Chris O'Brien.	April 9: RHP Ben Rowen and C Brian Ward traded RHP Ryan Webb and C Chris O'Brien to Los Angeles Dodgers.	April 9: RHP Liam Rowen and C Brian Ward traded to Los Angeles Dodgers for RHP Ryan Webb and C Chris O'Brien.
2662	Since 2008, Hoyer has toured Canada several times, including two times with Michael Rault, once with Sean Nicholas Savage and once with Joe.	Since 2008, Hoyer has toured Canada several times, including twice with Michael Rault, once with Sean Nicholas Savage and once with Joe.	Since 2008, Hoyer has toured Canada several times, including two times with Michael Rault, once with Patrick Nicholas Savage and once with Joe.
2663	George Blakely died, and St. Salvador and Robinson took over the command.	George Blakely died, and St. Salvador and Robinson took command.	George Blakely died, and St. Salvador and Kevin took over the command.
2664	The legacy of the Aldenata, also known as the Posleen War Series, is the fictitious universe of one of the military science - fiction - series by John Ringo.	The legacy of the Aldenata, also known as the Poslene War Series, is the fictitious universe of one of John Ringo's military science fiction series.	The legacy of the Aldenata, also known as the Posleen War Series, is the fictitious universe of one of the military science - fiction - series by Sean Ringo.
2666	The legacy of the Aldenata, also known as the Posley War Series, is the fictional universe of one of the military science - fiction - series by John Ringo.	The legacy of the Aldenata, also known as the Posley War Series, is the fictional universe of one of John Ringo's military science fiction series.	The legacy of the Aldenata, also known as the Posley War Series, is the fictional universe of one of the military science - fiction - series by Christopher Ringo.
2667	The marble pulpit is instead from 1508, by Benti and Lorenzo Stagi, while the walls and the ceiling were painted by Luigi Ademollo in 1823-1825.	The marble pulpit dates from 1508, by Benti and Lorenzo Stagi, while the walls and ceiling were painted by Luigi Ademollo in 1823-1825.	The marble pulpit is instead from 1508, by Benti and Kenneth Stagi, while the walls and the ceiling were painted by Luigi Ademollo in 1823-1825.
2670	Joe Root also of Yorkshire and currently England's rising cricket star, now captain of England, was born and raised in Dore.	Joe Root also of Yorkshire and currently England's rising cricket star, now captain of England, was born and raised in Dore.	Luis Root also of Yorkshire and currently England's rising cricket star, now captain of England, was born and raised in Dore.
2672	In 1862, Jane died and in 1864 Breck married Sarah Stiles, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California, to build two more institutions.	In 1862 Jane died and in 1864 Breck married Sarah Stiles, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California to build two other institutions.	In 1862, Stephanie died and in 1864 Breck married Sarah Stiles, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California, to build two more institutions.
2682	In 1962, further restoration was carried out for William Cardinal Godfrey, who had appointed the poet and mystic John Bradburne as caretaker.	In 1962, another restoration was carried out for William Cardinal Godfrey, who had appointed the poet and mystic John Bradburne as caretaker.	In 1962, further restoration was carried out for William Cardinal Godfrey, who had appointed the poet and mystic Robert Bradburne as caretaker.
2687	Mariano and Zappi were rescued the next day; the body of Finn Malmgren was not found.	Mariano and Zappi were rescued the next day; the body of Finn Malmgren was not found.	Mariano and Zappi were rescued the next day; the body of Juan Malmgren was not found.
2699	She is the first female Prime Minister of Mali, and the second Prime Minister of President Amadou Toumani Touré's second and final term.	She is the first female Prime Minister of Mali and the second Prime Minister of President Amadou Toumani Touré's second and final term.	She is the first female Prime Minister of Mali, and the second Prime Minister of President Charles Toumani Touré's second and final term.
2700	According to Oliver Cowdery, the Aaronic Priesthood was restored on 15 May 1829 for him and Smith, somewhere in the woods near the house.	According to Oliver Cowdery, the Aaronic priesthood was restored on May 15, 1829 for him and Smith, somewhere in the woods near the house.	According to Oliver Cowdery, the Aaronic Priesthood was restored on 15 May 1829 for him and Angel, somewhere in the woods near the house.
2701	The mountain was named after the geologist Charles Lyell, a follower of Charles Darwin, in 1863, by Charles Gould.	The mountain was named in 1863 by Charles Gould after the geologist Charles Lyell, a successor to Charles Darwin.	The mountain was named after the geologist Jackson Lyell, a follower of Jackson Darwin, in 1863, by Jackson Gould.
2702	In the TV series Muhteşem Yüzyıl, Deniz Çakır is played by Turkish actress Şah Sultan.	In the TV series Muhteşem Yüzyıl Deniz Çakır is played by Turkish actress Şah Sultan.	In the TV series Muhteşem Yüzyıl, Deniz Çakır is played by Turkish actress Şah Scott.
2703	The poet and writer Andrija Kačić Miošić and the Franciscan writer Filip Grabovac introduce a special place in the literature of the 18th century.	The poet and writer Andrija Kačić Miošić and the Franciscan writer Filip Grabovac present a special place in the literature of the 18th century.	The poet and writer Andrija Kačić Miošić and the Franciscan writer Alex Grabovac introduce a special place in the literature of the 18th century.
2708	The Bill's Cathy Stoller Center is home to all intercollegiate athletic teams from the university, sports offices and the Department of Exercise Science.	The Bill's Cathy Stoller Center is the home of all inter-cooperative sports teams from the university, sports offices and the practice science department.	The Bill's Mia Stoller Center is home to all intercollegiate athletic teams from the university, sports offices and the Department of Exercise Science.
2710	On the second day Jess sees a girl who sees her lost sister Jen very similar.	On the second day Jess sees a girl who looks very similar to her lost sister Jen.	On the second day Timothy sees a girl who sees her lost sister Jen very similar.
2711	Hassan took over the company after his brother, Abdirazak Ali Hassan died.	Hassan took over the company after his brother Abdirazak Ali Hassan died.	Kenneth took over the company after his brother, Abdirazak Ali Kenneth died.
2714	Adele died in 1896 and Elizabeth in 1910, and both were buried behind the house in the family graveyard.	Adele died in 1896 and Elizabeth died in 1910 and both were buried behind the house in the family cemetery.	Adele died in 1896 and Sara in 1910, and both were buried behind the house in the family graveyard.
2715	Williams, (1892-1962), was the first president of Yr Academi Gymreig (Welsh Academy).	Williams (1892–1962) was the first President of the Yr Academi Gymreig Academy.	Nicholas, (1892-1962), was the first president of Yr Academi Gymreig (Welsh Academy).
2725	Malik was married to businessman Asad Bashir Khan Khattak in Dubai on 25 December 2013.	==Personal life==Khattak was married to Asad Bashir Khan Khattak, a businessman in Dubai.	Malik was married to businessman Asad Nathan Khan Khattak in Dubai on 25 December 2013.
2735	Berkeley's childhood was spent in Warwickshire, where he was a pupil of the translator, Philemon Holland of Coventry, and of Henry Ashwood.	Berkeley's childhood spent in Warwickshire where he was a student of the translator, Philemon Holland of Coventry, and Henry Ashwood.	Berkeley's childhood was spent in Warwickshire, where he was a pupil of the translator, Philemon Holland of Coventry, and of Jacob Ashwood.
2749	Julio Peralta and Horacio Zeballos won the title, defeating Sergio Galdós and Luis David Martínez 6 - 2, 6 - 2 in the final.	Julio Peralta and Horacio Zeballos won the title and defeated Sergio Galdós and Luis David Martínez 6 - 2, 6 - 2 in the final.	Julio Peralta and Horacio Zeballos won the title, defeating Ryan Galdós and Luis David Martínez 6 - 2, 6 - 2 in the final.
2750	On 4 January 2015, Soane Patita Paini Mafi announced that on 14 February he would appoint Tonga's Bishop, Pope Francis, as Cardinal.	On 4 January 2015, Soane Patita Paini Mafi announced that on 14 February he would appoint the Bishop of Tonga, Pope Francis, as Cardinal.	On 4 January 2015, Soane Patita Paini Mafi announced that on 14 February he would appoint Tonga's Bishop, Pope Lucas, as Cardinal.
2754	Spartanburg is included in the Metropolitan Statistical Area Greenville, which is also included in the Union County - Spartanburg, SC - Anderson, SC Combined Statistical Service.	Spartanburg is located in the Metropolitan Statistical Area Greenville, which also includes in Union County - Spartanburg, SC - Anderson, SC Combined Statistical Service.	Spartanburg is included in the Metropolitan Statistical Area Greenville, which is also included in the Union County - Spartanburg, SC - Christian, SC Combined Statistical Service.
2763	Wolf Burn flows through the district to reach Scrabster Harbour and the Atlantic Ocean, halfway between Thurso town centre to the east and Thurso Bay to the west.	Wolf Burn flows through the district to reach Scrabster Harbour and the Atlantic Ocean, halfway between Thurso city centre to the east and Thurso Bay to the west.	Benjamin Burn flows through the district to reach Scrabster Harbour and the Atlantic Ocean, halfway between Thurso town centre to the east and Thurso Bay to the west.
2770	He also won popularity by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Rodriguez.	He also gained popularity by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Rodriguez.	He also won popularity by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Zachary.
2772	Former segments of State Road 52, have included Roth Lane, in Dade City, and North 21st Street and Lock Street in Saint Leo.	The former segments of State Road 52 include Roth Lane in Dade City and North 21st Street and Lock Street in Saint Leo.	Former segments of State Road 52, have included Roth Isaac, in Dade City, and North 21st Street and Lock Street in Saint Leo.
2774	Johnny Triumph often collaborates with the singer Björk and has performed with The Sugarcubes as Sjón.	Johnny Triumph often collaborates with singer Björk and performed as Sjón with The Sugarcubes.	Jacob Triumph often collaborates with the singer Björk and has performed with The Sugarcubes as Sjón.
2787	Sawyer's authorized biography was published by Huston Smith in 2014.	Sawyer's authorized biography was published by Huston Smith in 2014.	Sawyer's authorized biography was published by Adam Smith in 2014.
2807	The chapel was also dedicated to Saint John the Baptist and Jacobus, Blessed Christina, all the protectors of the House of Visconti.	The chapel was also dedicated to Saint John the Baptist and to Jacob, Blessed Christina, to all the protectors of the house of Visconti.	The chapel was also dedicated to Saint John the Baptist and Jacobus, Blessed Jamie, all the protectors of the House of Visconti.
2813	Debbie Posner is the Hebrew and Jewish Studies Teacher and Program, and Debbi Benn is the Coordinator of Primary School Hebrew and Jewish Studies.	Debbie Posner is the Teacher and Program for Hebrew and Jewish Studies, and Debbi Benn is the Coordinator of Hebrew and Jewish Studies at Primary School.	Sara Posner is the Hebrew and Jewish Studies Teacher and Program, and Debbi Benn is the Coordinator of Primary School Hebrew and Jewish Studies.
2814	From her former marriage, Katy Spencer had a daughter, Ann (a graduate of Texas Tech in 1962).	From her former marriage, Katy Spencer had a daughter, Ann (a graduate of Texas Tech in 1962).	From her former marriage, Karen Spencer had a daughter, Ann (a graduate of Texas Tech in 1962).
2822	Miller was raised for some time in the mountains of Santa Barbara, California, before settling in Tijuana, Mexico.	Miller was raised in the mountains of Santa Barbara, California, for some time before settling in Tijuana, Mexico.	Brandon was raised for some time in the mountains of Santa Barbara, California, before settling in Tijuana, Mexico.
2829	The best friend of Alma Bautista (Jean García) is Katrina Alegre (Eula Valdez).	The best friend of Alma Bautista (Jean García) is Katrina Alegre (Eula Valdez).	The best friend of Alma Bautista (Laura García) is Katrina Alegre (Eula Valdez).
2839	It is located on the historic Natchez Trace, at mile marker 180.7 on the modern Natchez Trace Parkway in Mississippi, USA.	It is located on the historic Natchez Trace, at the mile marker 180.7 on the modern Natchez Trace Parkway in Mississippi, USA.	It is located on the historic Natchez Andrew, at mile marker 180.7 on the modern Natchez Andrew Parkway in Mississippi, USA.
2850	St. George's Homes in Kodaikanal constructed later had the same purpose as that of Kalimpong homes, but influenced and modeled by Graham's work in Kalimpong.	St. George's Homes in Kodaikanal later built had the same purpose as those of Kalimpong houses, but influenced and modelled by Graham's work in Kalimpong.	St. George's Homes in Kodaikanal constructed later had the same purpose as that of Kalimpong homes, but influenced and modeled by Angel's work in Kalimpong.
2852	Linna is spoken in the original series by Michie Tomizawa in Japanese and Elizabeth Becks in English, with Rio Natsuki and Kelly Manison in the 2040s series.	Linna is spoken in the original series by Michie Tomizawa in Japanese and Elizabeth Becks in English, with Rio Natsuki and Kelly Manison in the 2040s.	Linna is spoken in the original series by Michie Tomizawa in Japanese and Elizabeth Becks in English, with Noah Natsuki and Kelly Manison in the 2040s series.
2855	Norman Nesbitt played Philpott, a geeky man who believes that he has been contacted by UFOs.	Norman Nesbitt played Philpott, a geeky man who believes he was contacted by UFOs.	Austin Nesbitt played Philpott, a geeky man who believes that he has been contacted by UFOs.
2859	In the late 1970s, Willie Francis worked in England and lived in Canada for a number of years before returning to Jamaica.	In the late 1970s Willie Francis worked in England and lived in Canada for several years before returning to Jamaica.	In the late 1970s, Sean Francis worked in England and lived in Canada for a number of years before returning to Jamaica.
2865	The manuscript was bought in 1819, by Edward Everett from America to Constantinople, along with six other manuscripts (Lectionary 296, Lectionary 297, Lectionary 298).	The manuscript was bought in 1819 by Edward Everett of America after Constantinople, along with six other manuscripts (Lectionary 296, Lectionary 297, Lectionary 298).	The manuscript was bought in 1819, by Edward Alex from America to Constantinople, along with six other manuscripts (Lectionary 296, Lectionary 297, Lectionary 298).
2869	For several years, Rosa taught courses relating both to analytical chemistry and applied domestic chemistry.	For several years Rosa has taught courses in analytical chemistry as well as in applied home chemistry.	For several years, Emily taught courses relating both to analytical chemistry and applied domestic chemistry.
2886	He received his chance by Brighton Manager Dan Kirkwood and soon established himself in the Brighton attack alongside Charlie Webb.	He was given his chance by Brighton Manager Dan Kirkwood and soon established himself in the Brighton attack next to Charlie Webb.	He received his chance by Brighton Manager Isaiah Kirkwood and soon established himself in the Brighton attack alongside Charlie Webb.
2890	John M. Work was born January 3, 1869, in rural Iowa in Southeastern Washington County, the son of John H. Work, a farmer.	John M. Work was born on January 3, 1869 in rural Iowa in southeastern Washington County, the son of John H. Work, a farmer.	Jose M. Work was born January 3, 1869, in rural Iowa in Southeastern Washington County, the son of Jose H. Work, a farmer.
2895	In San Francisco, Hicks led Dan Hicks and the Hot Licks from 1968 to 1973, a band that never used electric instruments and rare drums.	In San Francisco, Hicks led Dan Hicks and Hot Licks from 1968 to 1973, a band that never used electric instruments and rare drums.	In San Francisco, Hicks led Jack Hicks and the Hot Licks from 1968 to 1973, a band that never used electric instruments and rare drums.
2909	Andrew Reid, then handed over to Dr. Knapman, Coroner for Inner North London, as the Incident Coroner.	Andrew Reid then handed over Dr. Knapman, Coroner for Inner North London, as Incident Coroner.	Andrew Reid, then handed over to Dr. Knapman, Coroner for Inner North Tiffany, as the Incident Coroner.
2916	HomeAdvisor currently employs a Chief Economist, Dan DiClerico and Smart Home Strategist and Home Expert, Brad Hunter.	HomeAdvisor currently employs a chief economist, Dan DiClerico and Smart Home Strategist and Home Expert, Brad Hunter.	HomeAdvisor currently employs a Chief Economist, Dan DiClerico and Smart Home Strategist and Home Expert, Brad Kevin.
2933	The music video for Desire was edited by Claudia Wass and staged by Andy Morahan.	The music video for Desire was released by Claudia Wass and directed by Andy Morahan.	The music video for Desire was edited by Claudia Wass and staged by Gabriel Morahan.
2936	Sharifah Aini was born on 2 July 1953 at Hospital Sultanah Aminah, Johor Bahru, Johor, and grew up in the Kampung Melayu Majidee, Johor Bahru.	Sharifah Aini was born on July 2, 1953 in Sultanah Aminah Hospital, Johor Bahru, Johor and grew up in the camp Melayu Majidee, Johor Bahru.	Sharifah Aini was born on 2 July 1953 at Hospital Sultanah Chloe, Johor Bahru, Johor, and grew up in the Kampung Melayu Majidee, Johor Bahru.
2937	Drew Springer, Jr., a businessman from Münster in Young County, has represented Cooke County in the House of Representatives of Texas since January 2013.	Drew Springer, Jr., a businessman from Münster in Young County, has been representing Cooke County in the Texas House of Representatives since January 2013.	Marcus Springer, Jr., a businessman from Münster in Young County, has represented Cooke County in the House of Representatives of Texas since January 2013.
2943	Fritz Fritz Heider wrote that people tend to regard behavior in one of two ways: the cause of situational factors or dispositional factors.	Fritz Fritz Heider wrote that people tend to look at behavior in one of two ways: the cause of situational factors or disposition factors.	Brian Brian Heider wrote that people tend to regard behavior in one of two ways: the cause of situational factors or dispositional factors.
2944	Abel Aganbegyan (born 1972, Novosibirsk) is a Russian economist, the president of Micex, son of the famous Soviet economist Ruben Aganbegyan.	Abel Aganbegyan (born 1972 in Novosibirsk) is a Russian economist, president of Micex, son of the famous Soviet economist Ruben Aganbegyan.	Abel Aganbegyan (born 1972, Novosibirsk) is a Russian economist, the president of Micex, son of the famous Soviet economist Christopher Aganbegyan.
2948	Wallace also died on campaign two years after Edward's execution, not in bed at his home.	Wallace also died on campaign two years after Edward's execution, not in bed in his house.	Henry also died on campaign two years after Edward's execution, not in bed at his home.
2951	Twenty dated Jacobite metropolitans of Melitene between the ninth and the twelfth centuries are mentioned in the lists of Michael the Syrian.	Twenty dated Jacobite Metropolitans of Melitene between the ninth and twelfth centuries are mentioned in the lists of Michael the Syrian.	Twenty dated Jacobite metropolitans of Melitene between the ninth and the twelfth centuries are mentioned in the lists of Daniel the Syrian.
2954	After working for the investigation for four years, Starr resigned to protest against Dash's appearance before the United States House Committee on the Judiciary.	After working for the investigation for four years, Starr resigned to protest Dash's appearance before the United States House Committee on the Judiciary.	After working for the investigation for four years, Kristin resigned to protest against Dash's appearance before the United States House Committee on the Judiciary.
2958	After writing for Ace Publications, Pablo moved to Gold Star Publications by Rudy Ner Siongco, where he also wrote several comic stories and serialized novels in 1962.	After writing for Ace Publications, Pablo moved to Gold Star Publications by Rudy Ner Siongco, where he also wrote several comic stories and series novels in 1962.	After writing for Ace Publications, Pablo moved to Gold Star Publications by James Ner Siongco, where he also wrote several comic stories and serialized novels in 1962.
2962	Louise Bédard (born 1955) is a Canadian dancer, choreographer and teacher who has been active on the contemporary dance scene since 1983.	Louise Bédard (born 1955) is a Canadian dancer, choreographer and teacher who has been active in the contemporary dance scene since 1983.	Amy Bédard (born 1955) is a Canadian dancer, choreographer and teacher who has been active on the contemporary dance scene since 1983.
2967	In 1749, Boishebert commissioned Acadian Joseph Godin dit Bellefontaine to lead the acadian militia in the St. John region.	In 1749 Boishebert commissioned the Akadian Joseph Godin dit Bellefontaine to lead the Akadian militia in the St. John region.	In 1749, Boishebert commissioned Acadian Adam Godin dit Bellefontaine to lead the acadian militia in the St. John region.
2968	Beaten Guillermo Vilas defeated Björn Borg, 6 - 1, 6 - 1, 6 - 3.	Beaten Guillermo Vilas defeated Björn Borg, 6 - 1, 6 - 1, 6 - 3.	Beaten Antonio Vilas defeated Björn Borg, 6 - 1, 6 - 1, 6 - 3.
2969	The current 16th Street Clubhouse was built under the direction of George D. Widener by the architect Horace Trumbauer.	The current clubhouse on 16th Street was built under the direction of George D. Widener by the architect Horace Trumbauer.	The current 16th Street Clubhouse was built under the direction of George D. Widener by the architect Peter Trumbauer.
2970	J. Carter Brown referred to 15th Street as: the missing tooth in the smile of Rhodes Tavern.	J. Carter Brown described 15th Street as the missing tooth in the smile of Rhodes Taverne.	J. William Brown referred to 15th Street as: the missing tooth in the smile of Rhodes Tavern.
2984	It was expanded from Laura to Wilmington in 1910 and finally to the Booleroo Centre in 1915.	In 1910 it was extended from Laura to Wilmington and in 1915 finally to the Boolero Centre.	It was expanded from April to Wilmington in 1910 and finally to the Booleroo Centre in 1915.
2986	Freeman played for the Eastern Suburbs club in the 1919 season. Wally is the great-grandfather of former coach Phil Gould.	Freeman played for the Eastern Suburbs Club in the 1919 season. Wally is the great-grandfather of former coach Phil Gould.	Freeman played for the Eastern Suburbs club in the 1919 season. Antonio is the great-grandfather of former coach Phil Gould.
2995	Henry Beaumont, his niece and heir, married Alice Comyn, a French nobleman in the English service.	Henry Beaumont, his niece and heir, married Alice Comyn, a French nobleman in English service.	Henry Beaumont, his niece and heir, married Andrea Comyn, a French nobleman in the English service.
3007	The youngest, Tyler was born in 1860, when Pearl was 70 years old, she died in 1947.	The youngest Tyler was born in 1860 when Pearl was 70 years old and died in 1947.	The youngest, Kyle was born in 1860, when Pearl was 70 years old, she died in 1947.
3008	According to Oliver Cowdery, the Aaronic priesthood was restored to him and Smith on May 15, 1829, somewhere in the woods near the home.	After Oliver Cowdery, he and Smith were restored to the Aaronic priesthood on May 15, 1829, somewhere in the woods near the house.	According to Jeffrey Cowdery, the Aaronic priesthood was restored to him and Smith on May 15, 1829, somewhere in the woods near the home.
3012	Riggs was born in Atlanta, Georgia, the son of Gina Ann (née Carlton) and William Riggs. He has a younger brother, Grayson.	Riggs was born in Atlanta, Georgia, the son of Gina Ann (born Carlton) and William Riggs. He has a younger brother, Grayson.	Ethan was born in Atlanta, Georgia, the son of Gina Ann (née Carlton) and William Ethan. He has a younger brother, Grayson.
3015	 Thanks to the Facebook generation, anyone by simply mounting a Selfie can become a Harvey Weinstone or a Kevin Spacey, he added.	Thanks to the Facebook generation, everyone by simply having a selfie can be a Harvey Weinstone or a Kevin Spacey, he added.	 Thanks to the Facebook generation, anyone by simply mounting a Selfie can become a Harvey Weinstone or a Jayden Spacey, he added.
3020	Cerljen was also the international delegate from Sweden at the first final since 2006, when Josephine Alhanko placed in the Top 20.	Cerljen was also the international delegate from Sweden at the first final since 2006, when Josephine Alhanko was in the top 20.	Cerljen was also the international delegate from Sweden at the first final since 2006, when Kelsey Alhanko placed in the Top 20.
3021	Martin (Sebastián) is a 16-year-old young student who is attracted to his coach, Javier De Pietro.	Martin (Sebastián) is a 16-year-old student who is attracted to his coach Javier De Pietro.	Martin (Sebastián) is a 16-year-old young student who is attracted to his coach, Javier Ian Pietro.
3022	Lars Rosing is playing the protagonist Malik in Greenland's first international feature film Nuummioq, Lars Rosing lives near Montreal in Canada.	Lars Rosing plays the protagonist Malik in Greenland's first international feature film Nuummioq, Lars Rosing lives near Montreal in Canada.	Charles Rosing is playing the protagonist Malik in Greenland's first international feature film Nuummioq, Charles Rosing lives near Montreal in Canada.
3027	Harry Steger worked as a journalist both in England and in America.	Harry Steger worked as a journalist in both England and America.	Jeffrey Steger worked as a journalist both in England and in America.
3032	The title and lyrics refer to the renaissance portrait Mona Lisa painted by Leonardo da Vinci.	The title and text refer to the Renaissance portrait Mona Lisa painted by Leonardo da Vinci.	The title and lyrics refer to the renaissance portrait Mona Lisa painted by Jacob da Vinci.
3034	In the meantime Nick is confronted by his former crew: Mikka, Vector, Sib and Pup.	Meanwhile, Nick is confronted by his former crew: Mikka, Vector, Sib and Pup.	In the meantime Evan is confronted by his former crew: Mikka, Vector, Sib and Pup.
3039	Suman Chatterjee recorded several albums under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Kabir Suman between 1992 and 1999.	Suman Chatterjee recorded several albums between 1992 and 1999 under the name Suman Chattopaddhyay or Kabir Suman.	Suman Chatterjee recorded several albums under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Christian Suman between 1992 and 1999.
3041	He married Elizabeth (1770 - 1845), the youngest daughter of Peter Dobree of Beauregarde, Guernsey.	He married Elizabeth (1770 - 1845), the youngest daughter of Peter Dobree of Beauregarde, Guernsey.	He married Kristin (1770 - 1845), the youngest daughter of Peter Dobree of Beauregarde, Guernsey.
3042	Lucy made her first appearance as Palmer on 25 August 2014.	Lucy performed for the first time as a palmer on August 1, 2014.	Ella made her first appearance as Palmer on 25 August 2014.
3044	Colonel Kenji Doihara, Lieutenant Colonel Kanji Ishiwara, Colonel Takayoshi Tanaka and Major Seishirō Itagaki had completed plans for the incident by 31 May 1931.	Colonel Kenji Doihara, Lieutenant Colonel Kanji Ishiwara, Colonel Takayoshi Tanaka and Major Seishiro Itagaki had completed plans for the incident until May 31, 1931.	Colonel Daniel Doihara, Lieutenant Colonel Kanji Ishiwara, Colonel Takayoshi Tanaka and Major Seishirō Itagaki had completed plans for the incident by 31 May 1931.
3046	In April 2011, Aa left Akari Saho.	In April 2011, Aa Akari left Saho.	In April 2011, Aa left Andrea Saho.
3047	It features a legendary 1814 spin on fresh artists from Johnny Cash, Ring of Fire to UB40, image on the wall.	It shows a legendary 1814 spin on fresh artists from Johnny Cash, Ring of Fire to UB40, picture on the wall.	It features a legendary 1814 spin on fresh artists from Richard Cash, Ring of Fire to UB40, image on the wall.
3060	In 2007, Harte temporarily took over the role of Dr. Nathaniel Marston for Michael McBain at ABC - Soap One Life to Live.	In 2007, Harte temporarily took over the role of Dr. Nathaniel Marston for Michael McBain at ABC - Soap One Life to Live.	In 2007, Harte temporarily took over the role of Dr. Mark Marston for Michael McBain at ABC - Soap One Life to Live.
3061	Carter has two younger brothers: Trevor, who is also a perspective in the Nationals organization, and Spencer, who is playing baseball at the University of Georgia.	Carter has two younger brothers: Trevor, who is also a perspective in the National Organization, and Spencer, who plays baseball at the University of Georgia.	Carter has two younger brothers: Trevor, who is also a perspective in the Nationals organization, and Anthony, who is playing baseball at the University of Georgia.
3064	Radu Albot won the title by defeating Jason Kubler 6 - 4, 6 - 1 in the final.	Radu Albot won the title by defeating Jason Kubler 6 - 4, 6 - 1 in the final.	Radu Albot won the title by defeating Evan Kubler 6 - 4, 6 - 1 in the final.
3078	The manuscript was bought by Edward Everett of Constantinople to America in 1819, together with six other manuscripts (Lectionary 296, Lectionary 297, Lectionary 298).	The manuscript was purchased in 1819 by Edward Everett from Constantinople to America, along with six other manuscripts (Lectionary 296, Lectionary 297, Lectionary 298).	The manuscript was bought by Carlos Everett of Constantinople to America in 1819, together with six other manuscripts (Lectionary 296, Lectionary 297, Lectionary 298).
3079	Brewster knows Brewster, who was a friend of Peter's father.	Brewster knows Brewster, who was a friend of Peter's father.	Brewster knows Brewster, who was a friend of Austin's father.
3081	The 21st Governor - General of Australia, Ron Boswell, Senator Bill Hayden and the Commonwealth - Parliament of Australia are among the tenants.	The 21st Governor - General of Australia, Ron Boswell, Senator Bill Hayden and the Commonwealth Parliament of Australia are among the tenants.	The 21st Governor - General of Australia, Patrick Boswell, Senator Bill Hayden and the Commonwealth - Parliament of Australia are among the tenants.
3095	In Europe, Pueraria montana grows in warm places in several regions of Switzerland and Italy near Lake Maggiore and Lake Lugano.	In Europe, Pueraria montana grows in warm places in different regions of Switzerland and Italy near Lake Maggiore and Lake Lugano.	In Europe, Pueraria Erica grows in warm places in several regions of Switzerland and Italy near Lake Maggiore and Lake Lugano.
3107	The biquaternions of William Rowan Hamilton (1844) and the related split-biquaternions and dual quaternions do not form biquaternion algebras in this sense.	The biquaternions of William Rowan Hamilton (1844) and the associated split biquaternions and dual quaternions do not form biquaternion algebras in this sense.	The biquaternions of William Rowan Cody (1844) and the related split-biquaternions and dual quaternions do not form biquaternion algebras in this sense.
3110	Alice Josephine McLellan was born in Marietta, Georgia, as the daughter of Leander and Harriet Tatem McLellan.	Alice Josephine McLellan was born as the daughter of Leander and Harriet Tatem McLellan in Marietta, Georgia.	Alice Josephine McLellan was born in Marietta, Georgia, as the daughter of Leander and Karen Tatem McLellan.
3126	A Bollywood - remake of the film was made in 2005 with Irrfan Khan and Ilene Hamann, directed by Himanshu Brahmbhatt, named Rog.	A Bollywood remake of the film was made in 2005 with Irrfan Khan and Ilene Hamann, directed by Himanshu Brahmbhatt, named Rog.	A Bollywood - remake of the film was made in 2005 with Irrfan Khan and Brianna Hamann, directed by Himanshu Brahmbhatt, named Rog.
3127	Queen Peak is a mountain located at Victoria Peak, north of Gold River and east of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Queen Peak is a mountain in Victoria Peak north of Gold River and east of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.	Queen Peak is a mountain located at Kelly Peak, north of Gold River and east of Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada.
3133	Thomas Pye was Government Architect and Alfred Barton Brady, Deputy Government Architect.	Thomas Pye was a government architect and Alfred Barton Brady, deputy government architect.	Thomas Pye was Government Architect and Alfred Barton William, Deputy Government Architect.
3142	After Martha was found, Anna married a man by the name of George I Eisenhauer.	After Martha was found, Anna married a man named George I. Eisenhauer.	After Jamie was found, Anna married a man by the name of George I Eisenhauer.
3143	In response to the white first attitude of the organized workers' movement and the Socialists, Harrison offered a political perspective first race.	In response to the white first attitude of the organized workers' movement and the socialists, Harrison offered a political perspective on first race.	In response to the white first attitude of the organized workers' movement and the Socialists, Jeffrey offered a political perspective first race.
3146	He was followed by Larry Kearney from 1995 - 2003 by Jenny McGhee Edwards in 2003 - 2007 and by Elic Senter from 2007 - 2015.	He was followed by Larry Kearney from 1995 - 2003 by Jenny McGhee Edwards in 2003 - 2007 and by Elic Senter from 2007 - 2015.	He was followed by Jackson Kearney from 1995 - 2003 by Jenny McGhee Edwards in 2003 - 2007 and by Elic Senter from 2007 - 2015.
3153	Capt Wally Dobchuk, the first officer, Michael McCrae, and maintenance engineer Sebastian Trudel were awarded by the Aviation Week for their heroism.	Capt Wally Dobchuk, the first officer, Michael McCrae, and maintenance engineer Sebastian Trudel were awarded by Aviation Week for their heroism.	Capt Wally Dobchuk, the first officer, Michael McCrae, and maintenance engineer Ethan Trudel were awarded by the Aviation Week for their heroism.
3163	Ekrem Boyalı is currently living in Konya for his university education with his two brothers, who are practiced by Ali Sarı.	Ekrem Boyalı currently lives in Konya for his university education with his two brothers who are practiced by Ali Sarı.	Ekrem Boyalı is currently living in Konya for his university education with his two brothers, who are practiced by Jason Sarı.
3164	 Trevis R. Badeaux as Agent of Change, Acadiana Sunday, 5 May 2002 honored.	 Trevis R. Badeaux honored as Agent of Change, Acadiana Sunday, May 5, 2002.	 Bryan R. Badeaux as Agent of Change, Acadiana Sunday, 5 May 2002 honored.
3165	Caroline Hedwall won the individual championship of NCAA Division I under new trainer Annie Young in 2010.	Caroline Hedwall won the 2010 NCAA Division I individual championship under the new coach Annie Young.	Caroline Hedwall won the individual championship of NCAA Division I under new trainer Annie Edward in 2010.
3168	She appeared in the 1983 horror film House of the Long Shadows, which starred Christopher Lee, Vincent Price and Peter Cushing.	In 1983 she appeared in the horror film House of the Long Shadows with Christopher Lee, Vincent Price and Peter Cushing.	She appeared in the 1983 horror film House of the Long Shadows, which starred Christopher Lee, Vincent Price and Mason Cushing.
3170	In 1862, Breck died, and Breck married Sarah Stiles in 1864, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California, to build two other institutions.	Breck died in 1862, and Breck married Sarah Stiles in 1864, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California, to build two other institutions.	In 1862, Thomas died, and Thomas married Sarah Stiles in 1864, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California, to build two other institutions.
3174	The Greek - Cypriot singer and songwriter Andy Paul represented Cyprus with the song Anna Maria Lena at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1984 in Luxembourg.	Greek Cypriot singer and songwriter Andy Paul represented Cyprus at the Eurovision Song Contest in Luxembourg in 1984 with the song Anna Maria Lena.	The Greek - Cypriot singer and songwriter Andy Paul represented Cyprus with the song Anna Jessica Lena at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1984 in Luxembourg.
3178	She was the twin sister of Muhammad, father of Abdullah.	She was the twin sister of Muhammad, the father of Abdullah.	She was the twin sister of Muhammad, father of Liam.
3179	Design was created by Jeff Grubb with Andria Hayday, a cover of Jeff Easley and illustrations by Karl Waller.	Design was created by Jeff Grubb with Andria Hayday, a cover by Jeff Easley and illustrations by Karl Waller.	Design was created by Edward Grubb with Andria Hayday, a cover of Edward Easley and illustrations by Karl Waller.
3180	She appeared in 1983 in the horror film House of the Long Shadows, in which Peter Cushing, Vincent Price and Christopher Lee played.	In 1983, she appeared in the horror film House of the Long Shadows, in which Peter Cushing, Vincent Price and Christopher Lee played.	She appeared in 1983 in the horror film House of the Long Shadows, in which Peter Cushing, Dylan Price and Christopher Lee played.
3183	William died as William Adams in Brooklyn, NY on 5 December 1895.	==Death==William Adams died in Brooklyn, New York on December 17, 1895.	Jesse died as Jesse Adams in Brooklyn, NY on 5 December 1895.
3185	Royce Johnson is a recurring character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe's Netflix shows, where he is portrayed by Brett Mahoney.	Royce Johnson is a recurring character in the Netflix shows of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, where he is portrayed by Brett Mahoney.	Royce Edward is a recurring character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe's Netflix shows, where he is portrayed by Brett Mahoney.
3189	In 2012 he began working on the new 52 series Batwing with the writer Judd Winick and the artists ChrisCross and Marcus To.	In 2012 he began working with the writer Judd Winick and the artists ChrisCross and Marcus To on the new 52 series Batwing.	In 2012 he began working on the new 52 series Batwing with the writer Jason Winick and the artists ChrisCross and Marcus To.
3190	From behind bars, Dimitri finds out, Maddie is not Erica's father and helps Edmund to reunite with his daughter.	From behind bars, Dimitri finds out Maddie is not Erica's father and helps Edmund reunite with his daughter.	From behind bars, Dimitri finds out, Maddie is not Kristen's father and helps Edmund to reunite with his daughter.
3192	Thompson was born Dena Holmes in 1960 in Hendon, North London. She worked for a building society.	Thompson was born in 1960 in Hendon, North London. She worked for a construction company.	Thompson was born Anna Holmes in 1960 in Hendon, North London. She worked for a building society.
3193	For Archives to Eighties Mayall recorded new bass and drums tracks played by Bobby Haynes and Joe Yuele.	For Archives to Eighties, Mayall recorded new bass and drums tracks played by Bobby Haynes and Joe Yuele.	For Archives to Eighties Mayall recorded new bass and drums tracks played by Bobby Haynes and Ryan Yuele.
3194	In 1930 the architects Miguel Santos and Mariano Garrigues were commissioned to build the Faculty of Pharmacy and Agustín Aguirre was chosen for the Faculties of Medicine and Dentistry.	In 1930, the architects Miguel Santos and Mariano Garrigues were commissioned to build the Faculty of Pharmacy and Agustín Aguirre was selected for the Faculty of Medicine and Dentistry.	In 1930 the architects Elijah Santos and Mariano Garrigues were commissioned to build the Faculty of Pharmacy and Agustín Aguirre was chosen for the Faculties of Medicine and Dentistry.
3196	On 22 September 1904 he joined Bishop Charles and returned to Béni Abbès on 24 January 1905.	On September 24, 1904, he joined Bishop Charles and returned to the United States.	On 22 September 1904 he joined Bishop Angel and returned to Béni Abbès on 24 January 1905.
3198	Jonathan Dakers met Edie Martyn (Beatrice Campbell) as child.	Jonathan Dakers met Edie Martyn (Beatrice Campbell) as a child.	Jonathan Dakers met Edie Martyn (Jennifer Campbell) as child.
3201	Cobian Backup is a free, written backup software for Microsoft Windows, supported by Luis Cobian of Umeå University in Delphi.	Cobian Backup is a free, written backup software for Microsoft Windows supported by Luis Cobian from Umeå University in Delphi.	Cobian Backup is a free, written backup software for Microsoft Windows, supported by Justin Cobian of Umeå University in Delphi.
3217	From 1973 to 2015, Marian Schreier was Mayor of Tengen, his successor is Helmut Groß.	From 1973 to 2015, Marian Schreier was mayor of Tengen, and his successor is Helmut Groß.	From 1973 to 2015, Amber Schreier was Mayor of Tengen, his successor is Helmut Groß.
3219	She lives in Bandra, Mumbai, and has a son Aditya Bhattacharya, film director, and two daughters, Chimmu and Anwesha Arya, a writer.	She lives in Bandra, Mumbai, and has a son, Aditya Bhattacharya, film director, and two daughters, Chimmu and Anwesha Arya, a writer.	She lives in Bandra, Mumbai, and has a son Aditya Bhattacharya, film director, and two daughters, Chimmu and Anwesha Katherine, a writer.
3220	Mark Hambourg was born in Voronezh, Russia, as a middle brother of the famous pianist Jan Hambourg.	Mark Hambourg was born in Voronesch (Russia) as the middle brother of the famous pianist Jan Hambourg.	Austin Hambourg was born in Voronezh, Russia, as a middle brother of the famous pianist Jan Hambourg.
3237	He was also familiar with the'abbreviated construction' as described by Leonardo da Vinci and the geometrical construction of shadows, a technique of Alberti.	He was also familiar with the abbreviated construction as described by Leonardo da Vinci and the geometrical construction of Shadow, a technique by Alberti.	He was also familiar with the'abbreviated construction' as described by Charles da Vinci and the geometrical construction of shadows, a technique of Alberti.
3239	Abbie Carmichael (played by Jamie Ross) replaced Carey Lowell (Angie Harmon) of the season 8 in the role of Assistant District Attorney.	Abbie Carmichael (played by Jamie Ross) replaced Carey Lowell (Angie Harmon) of season 8 in the role of deputy district attorney.	Abbie Carmichael (played by Jamie Ross) replaced Melissa Lowell (Angie Harmon) of the season 8 in the role of Assistant District Attorney.
3240	The album was recorded at Brian Elliot studios in North Hollywood, California, with engineer David Hines and co-producer Jay Lansford.	The album was recorded at Brian Elliot Studios in North Hollywood, California, with engineer David Hines and co-producer Jay Lansford.	The album was recorded at Derek Elliot studios in North Hollywood, California, with engineer David Hines and co-producer Jay Lansford.
3248	In 2011 George Maguire appeared as Richard Loeb in Thrill Me, first at the Tristan Bates Theatre in London and then at the Charing Cross Theatre.	In 2011, George Maguire appeared as Richard Loeb in Thrill Me, first at Tristan Bates Theatre in London and then at Charing Cross Theatre.	In 2011 George Maguire appeared as Michael Loeb in Thrill Me, first at the Tristan Bates Theatre in London and then at the Charing Cross Theatre.
3251	Later Beth switched off the machine and Robbie is shocked but understanding.	Later, Beth turned off the machine and Robbie is shocked, but understanding.	Later Maria switched off the machine and Robbie is shocked but understanding.
3253	At the time, Cao Mao was merely a puppet emperor, because the actual power was in the hands of Regent Sima Wang (Sima Zhaos Cousin).	At that time Cao Mao was merely a puppet emperor because the real power in the hands of Regent Sima Wang (Sima Zhao's cousin).	At the time, Cao Mao was merely a puppet emperor, because the actual power was in the hands of Regent Isabella Wang (Isabella Zhaos Cousin).
3254	Lauretta was married to Johnny Dorelli; the couple had a son, actor Gianluca Guidi.	Lauretta was married to Johnny Dorelli; the couple had a son, actor Gianluca Guidi.	Lauretta was married to Jonathan Dorelli; the couple had a son, actor Gianluca Guidi.
3259	Linda Lou was viewed as a cody on 6 October 2006 in the benefit concert of the Actors Fund of America by The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas.	Linda Lou was seen as a cody in the charity concert of the Actors Fund of America of The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas on 6 October 2006.	Linda Amanda was viewed as a cody on 6 October 2006 in the benefit concert of the Actors Fund of America by The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas.
3275	Beth writes to an author of several lesbian books she has read, Nina Spicer, in New York City, who writes her back.	Beth writes to an author of several lesbian books she has read, Nina Spicer, in New York City, who she writes back.	Beth writes to an author of several lesbian books she has read, Kristen Spicer, in New York City, who writes her back.
3283	Almost all of the people in An Phu had to be evacuated (mainly to the Cho Moi, Phu Tan district).	Almost all people in An Phu had to be evacuated (especially in the Cho Moi, Phu Tan district).	Almost all of the people in An Phu had to be evacuated (mainly to the Cho Moi, Phu William district).
3291	Maffie considered him one of the greatest ballad organists, and Jesse Crawford also composed music, including the theme for House Party.	Maffie regarded him as one of the biggest ballad organists, and Jesse Crawford also composed music, including the theme for House Party.	Maffie considered him one of the greatest ballad organists, and Brandon Crawford also composed music, including the theme for House Party.
3299	Since 2003, Sharon Northe has been the head of the group, since 2017 Heather Weaver has been President.	Sharon Northe has been head of the group since 2003, and Heather Weaver has been president since 2017.	Since 2003, Mia Northe has been the head of the group, since 2017 Heather Weaver has been President.
3305	The film also plays stars Lisa Pelikan, Michael Des Barres and Jack Nance and was the film debut of Mariska Hargitay.	The film also stars Lisa Pelikan, Michael Des Barres and Jack Nance and was the film debut of Mariska Hargitay.	The film also plays stars Lisa Pelikan, Michael Des Barres and Juan Nance and was the film debut of Mariska Hargitay.
3312	The first main bridge was completed in 1857 and the positioned bridge opened on 2 May 1859 by Prince Albert.	The first main bridge was completed in 1857 and the positioned bridge was opened by Prince Albert on 2 May 1859.	The first main bridge was completed in 1857 and the positioned bridge opened on 2 May 1859 by Prince Michael.
3323	Bill Kerry Melville Defeated Billie Jean King, 6-3, 7-5	Bill Kerry Melville defeated Billie Jean King, 6-3, 7-5	Bill Rebecca Melville Defeated Billie Jean King, 6-3, 7-5
3326	AMBIT is a symbolic programming language that was introduced by Carlos Christensen of Massachusetts Computer Associates in 1964 for historical computation.	AMBIT is a symbolic programming language introduced by Carlos Christensen of Massachusetts Computer Associates in 1964 for historical calculation.	AMBIT is a symbolic programming language that was introduced by Jayden Christensen of Massachusetts Computer Associates in 1964 for historical computation.
3330	Rachel played swimwear - Model Decker, while Peter Jacobson Alan, her nebbish husband played.	Rachel played swimwear model Decker while Peter Jacobson played Alan, her nebbian husband.	Monica played swimwear - Model Decker, while Peter Jacobson Alan, her nebbish husband played.
3332	Thomas Fothergill was an English academic administrator at the University of Oxford.	Thomas Fothergill was an English university administrator at the University of Oxford.	Tyler Fothergill was an English academic administrator at the University of Oxford.
3338	It was a finalist for the 2002 Sidewise Award for the best alternative history and the John W. Campbell Memorial Award 2003.	It was a finalist for the Sidewise Award 2002 for the best alternative story and the John W. Campbell Memorial Award 2003.	It was a finalist for the 2002 Sidewise Award for the best alternative history and the Isaac W. Campbell Memorial Award 2003.
3344	Elizabeth Gordon was the daughter of Adam de Gordon, Lord of Gordon and Elizabeth Keith, daughter of William Keith, Marishal of Scotland.	Elizabeth Gordon was the daughter of Adam de Gordon, Lord of Gordon, and Elizabeth Keith, daughter of William Keith, Marishal of Scotland.	Nicole Gordon was the daughter of Adam de Gordon, Lord of Gordon and Nicole Keith, daughter of William Keith, Marishal of Scotland.
3345	It currently runs from Yonge Street south of Davisville Avenue to the northwest to Allen Road and Eglinton Avenue West.	It runs from Yonge Street south of Davisville Avenue in the northwest to Allen Road and Eglinton Avenue West.	It currently runs from Yonge Street south of Davisville Avenue to the northwest to Julian Road and Eglinton Avenue West.
3350	The National Post and Kay apologized, retracted the statement, and started with Warman out of court.	The National Post and Kay apologized, withdrew the statement and started out of court with Warman.	The National Post and Vanessa apologized, retracted the statement, and started with Warman out of court.
3357	Kensuke Tanabe conducted the game, and it was produced by Akiya Sakamoto and Stephen Mortimer.	Kensuke Tanabe performed the game, and it was produced by Akiya Sakamoto and Stephen Mortimer.	Kensuke Tanabe conducted the game, and it was produced by Akiya Sakamoto and Benjamin Mortimer.
3359	Included Bob Flanagan, Sheree Rose, Ron Athey, Vaginal Davis, Daphne Von Rey, Jenny Shimizu, Catherine Opie, Michele Mills.	These included Bob Flanagan, Sheree Rose, Ron Athey, Vaginal Davis, Daphne Von Rey, Jenny Shimizu, Catherine Opie, Michele Mills.	Included Bob Flanagan, Sheree Rose, Ron Athey, Vaginal Davis, Daphne Von Anthony, Jenny Shimizu, Catherine Opie, Michele Mills.
3367	African stone tool technologies are divided into the modes outlined by Lawrence Barham and Peter Mitchell in 1969, and proposed by Grahame Clark as follows:	The African stone tool technologies are divided into the following modes by Lawrence Barham and Peter Mitchell in 1969 and proposed by Grahame Clark as follows:	African stone tool technologies are divided into the modes outlined by Lawrence Barham and Peter Mitchell in 1969, and proposed by Grahame Jesus as follows:
3390	Emma Watson was Lytton's double in the film Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.	Emma Watson was Lytton's double in the movie Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.	Emma Evan was Lytton's double in the film Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets.
3394	Guru (Kay Kay Menon) and Ganpat (Dilip Prabhavalkar) are a car thieves.	Guru (Kay Kay Menon) and Ganpat (Dilip Prabhavalkar) are a car thief.	Guru (Megan Megan Menon) and Ganpat (Dilip Prabhavalkar) are a car thieves.
3397	The couple had their first child, Shalk Jr, in August 2012, and in March 2014 his second son Nicol was born.	The couple had their first child, Shalk Jr. in August 2012, and in March 2014 their second son Nicol was born.	The couple had their first child, Shalk Mason, in August 2012, and in March 2014 his second son Nicol was born.
3398	Geographically, the NDP campaign focused on seats in Scarborough and Etobicoke in Toronto, Hamilton, Ottawa, and North Ontario.	Geographically, the NDP campaign focused on seats in Scarborough and Etobicoke in Toronto, Hamilton, Ottawa and North Ontario.	Geographically, the NDP campaign focused on seats in Scarborough and Etobicoke in Toronto, Hamilton, Ottawa, and North Hunter.
3401	The Longmen Wang were a cadet line of the Zhou dynasty hailed Taiyuan Wang, and Wang Yan and his grandson Wang Tong descended from his cadet line.	The Longmen Wang were a cadet line of the Zhou Dynasty cheering Taiyuan Wang, and Wang Yan and his grandson Wang Tong descended from his cadet line.	The Longmen Wang were a cadet line of the Zhou dynasty hailed Taiyuan Wang, and Wang Chad and his grandson Wang Tong descended from his cadet line.
3403	Lars Ankerstjerne has written songs for Nik'Jay, Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach as songwriters.	Lars Ankerstjerne has written songs for Nik'Jay, Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach as a songwriter.	Christopher Ankerstjerne has written songs for Nik'Jay, Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach as songwriters.
3413	Guan Yu agreed with Zhao Yan's view and broke his plan to attack Cao Ren.	Guan Yu agreed to Zhao Yan's view and broke his plan to attack Cao Ren.	Guan Chad agreed with Zhao Yan's view and broke his plan to attack Cao Ren.
3416	In this episode, Nellie Bertram (Catherine Tate) returns to the office to find Andy Bernard (Ed Helms) in the manager's chair.	In this episode, Nellie Bertram (Catherine Tate) returns to the office to find Andy Bernard (Ed Helms) in the manager's chair.	In this episode, Nellie Bertram (Lisa Tate) returns to the office to find Andy Bernard (Ed Helms) in the manager's chair.
3418	With support from the Rockefeller Foundation and the Carnegie Foundation, Carter contributed.	Carter participated with the support of the Rockefeller Foundation and the Carnegie Foundation.	With support from the Rockefeller Foundation and the Carnegie Foundation, Marcus contributed.
3421	Following the death of David Neale in December 2005, Paul Britton was named Chief Executive.	After the death of David Neale in December 2005, Paul Britton was appointed Chief Executive.	Following the death of Aaron Neale in December 2005, Paul Britton was named Chief Executive.
3422	Vitas Gerulaitis won in the final 4 - 6, 6 - 3, 6 - 1, 7 - 6 against Guillermo Vilas.	Vitas Gerulaitis won 4 - 6, 6 - 3, 6 - 1, 7 - 6 against Guillermo Vilas in the final.	Vitas Gerulaitis won in the final 4 - 6, 6 - 3, 6 - 1, 7 - 6 against Austin Vilas.
3428	This version of Robert Hammond is a xenobiologist - professor, an old friend of Hal Jordan and the son of Senator of the United States Hector Hammond.	This version of Robert Hammond is a xenobiologist - professor, an old friend of Hal Jordan and the son of Senator Hector Hammond of the United States.	This version of Nicholas Hammond is a xenobiologist - professor, an old friend of Hal Jordan and the son of Senator of the United States Hector Hammond.
3430	Thomas Thomas Kane's first memorable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at the age of six when he was twenty years old.	Thomas Thomas Kane's first unforgettable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at the age of six when he was twenty years old.	Shawn Shawn Kane's first memorable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at the age of six when he was twenty years old.
3441	He was the father of historian Francis Andrew March and General Peyton C. March who was chief of staff of the United States Army during the First World War.	He was the father of the historian Francis Andrew March and General Peyton C. March, who was Chief of Staff of the United States Army during World War I.	He was the father of historian Isaac Andrew March and General Peyton C. March who was chief of staff of the United States Army during the First World War.
3445	In cooperation with Cousin George Bernard Shaw, B & amp; H Publications produced Harold White in 1948 through the camera.	In collaboration with cousin George Bernard Shaw, B & amp; H publications produced Harold White in 1948 by the camera.	In cooperation with Cousin George Bryan Shaw, B & amp; H Publications produced Harold White in 1948 through the camera.
3454	His father was under Louis XVI, an officer in the black musketeers, the musketeer of the military budget of the King of France.	His father was under Louis XVI, an officer in the black musketeers, the musketeer of the King of France's military budget.	His father was under Donald XVI, an officer in the black musketeers, the musketeer of the military budget of the King of France.
3464	Christine married Julian Popescu in 1956 and had four children, including Charlotte Popescu, who also wrote children's pony books.	Christine married Julian Popescu in 1956 and had four children, including Charlotte Popescu, who also wrote children's pony books.	Christine married Julian Popescu in 1956 and had four children, including Kathryn Popescu, who also wrote children's pony books.
3465	In August 2009, CBS Radio sold KUFO to the Portland-based radio conglomerate Alpha Broadcasting.	In August 2009, CBS Radio KUFO sold Alpha Broadcasting to Portland-based radio conglomerate.	In August 2009, CBS Radio sold KUFO to the Portland-based radio conglomerate Matthew Broadcasting.
3467	However, it was purchased by McVities and then bought by Murdoch Allan and Sons.	However, it was bought by McVities and then bought by Murdoch Allan and Sons.	However, it was purchased by McVities and then bought by Murdoch Noah and Sons.
3469	As part of a streamlining campaign, in January 2017 the company reported that it would close three remaining regional kitchens in Atlanta, Landover and Everett.	As part of a streamlining campaign, the company reported in January 2017 that it would close three remaining regional kitchens in Atlanta, Landover and Everett.	As part of a streamlining campaign, in January 2017 the company reported that it would close three remaining regional kitchens in Atlanta, Landover and Samuel.
3472	Towradgi is situated on Pioneer Rd, North Dalton Park, in the northern suburbs of Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia.	Towradgi is located at Pioneer Rd, North Dalton Park, in the northern suburbs of Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia.	Towradgi is situated on Pioneer Rd, North Cameron Park, in the northern suburbs of Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia.
3474	The band is currently led by Pipe Major Gary Nimmo and Drum Sergeant Shaunna Hilder, together with support of Pipe Sergeant Gary Corkin and Pipe Corporal David Hilder.	The band is currently led by Pipe Major Gary Nimmo and Drum Sergeant Shaunna Hilder, along with the support of Pipe Sergeant Gary Corkin and Pipe Corporal David Hilder.	The band is currently led by Pipe Major Christopher Nimmo and Drum Sergeant Shaunna Hilder, together with support of Pipe Sergeant Christopher Corkin and Pipe Corporal David Hilder.
3502	In Harry Turtledove's alternate history novel Southern Victory:, one of the Freedom Party Guards appears to be Chapman.	In Harry Turtledove's alternative history novel Southern Victory: one of the Freedom Party Guards Chapman seems to be.	In Andrew Turtledove's alternate history novel Southern Victory:, one of the Freedom Party Guards appears to be Chapman.
3507	With 26 of the team's 41 points Carter started and the All Blacks finished their tour on the highest level.	With 26 of the team's 41 points, Carter started and the All Blacks finished their tour at the highest level.	With 26 of the team's 41 points Austin started and the All Blacks finished their tour on the highest level.
3532	The manuscript was presented by Nicephorus Glykas, Bishop of Imbro, to Eduard Reuss.	The manuscript was handed over by Nicephorus Glykas, Bishop of Imbro, Eduard Reuss.	The manuscript was presented by Nicephorus Glykas, Bishop of Imbro, to Robert Reuss.
3536	Zina Garrison and Sherwood Stewart were the title defenders, but lost to Jana Novotná and Jim Pugh in the second round.	Zina Garrison and Sherwood Stewart were the defending champions, but lost in the second round to Jana Novotná and Jim Pugh.	Zina Garrison and Noah Stewart were the title defenders, but lost to Jana Novotná and Jim Pugh in the second round.
3538	Her children were Thomas Weaver, a member of the Assembly, and Richard Weaver, a member of the Assembly and the Senate of Wisconsin.	Her children were Thomas Weaver, a member of the Assembly, and Richard Weaver, a member of the Assembly and Senate of Wisconsin.	Her children were Cody Weaver, a member of the Assembly, and Richard Weaver, a member of the Assembly and the Senate of Wisconsin.
3543	The main coach of the aviators was Carl Carl Caldwell, and the general manager was Mike McCoy.	The pilot's main coach was Carl Carl Caldwell, and the general manager was Mike McCoy.	The main coach of the aviators was Carl Carl Caldwell, and the general manager was Mike Antonio.
3555	Carsten Ball and Andre Begemann won the title, defeating Grégoire Burquier and Yannick Mertens 6 - 2, 6 - 4 in the final.	Carsten Ball and Andre Begemann won the title and defeated Grégoire Burquier and Yannick Mertens 6 - 2, 6 - 4 in the final.	Carsten Ball and Jesus Begemann won the title, defeating Grégoire Burquier and Yannick Mertens 6 - 2, 6 - 4 in the final.
3565	Mark Williams is played by Olaf Petersen in the television series.	Mark Williams is played by Olaf Petersen in the TV series.	Luis Williams is played by Olaf Petersen in the television series.
3584	The names Googol and Googolplex were invented by Newman's nephew Milton Sirotta and introduced in 1940 to the book of Kasner and Edward Kasner.	The names Googol and Googolplex were invented by Newman's nephew Milton Sirotta and introduced in 1940 into the book of Kasner and Edward Kasner.	The names Googol and Googolplex were invented by Newman's nephew Edward Sirotta and introduced in 1940 to the book of Kasner and Edward Kasner.
3585	Jack Evans won his second Cruiserweight Title by winning 5-man ladder match against Sugi San, Teddy Hart, Rocky Romero and Tiger.	Jack Evans won his second cruiserweight title by winning the 5-man lead game against Sugi San, Teddy Hart, Rocky Romero and Tiger.	Cody Evans won his second Cruiserweight Title by winning 5-man ladder match against Sugi San, Teddy Hart, Rocky Romero and Tiger.
3586	In 1942, Breton collaborated with the artist Lam on the publication of Breton's poem Fata Morgana, illustrated by Wifredo Lam.	In 1942 Breton worked with the artist Lam on the publication of Breton's poem Fata Morgana, illustrated by Wifredo Lam.	In 1942, Breton collaborated with the artist Jesse on the publication of Breton's poem Fata Morgana, illustrated by Wifredo Jesse.
3590	Roy Roy Bargy was at the piano One, and Green and Ramona played the other two pianos.	Roy Roy Bargy was on the piano One, and Green and Ramona played the other two pianos.	Carlos Carlos Bargy was at the piano One, and Green and Ramona played the other two pianos.
3599	He is trained by Daniel Jacobs and shares a gym with the former World Champion Andre Rozier.	He is trained by Daniel Jacobs and shares a gym with former world champion Andre Rozier.	He is trained by Isaiah Jacobs and shares a gym with the former World Champion Andre Rozier.
3604	Hannah died in March 1977, and retired the following year.	Hannah died in March 1977 and retired the following year.	Kaitlyn died in March 1977, and retired the following year.
3606	The Newsreel was the successor to Zepps' apos; long weekly comedy - Sketch Friday News Review, in which Mike Carlton also performed.	The Newsreel was the successor of Zepps'apos; long weekly comedy - sketch Friday News Review, in which Mike Carlton also performed.	The Newsreel was the successor to Zepps' apos; long weekly comedy - Sketch Friday News Review, in which Mike Shawn also performed.
3608	Clayton Mendel Stromm adorns after calling Tinkerer, who calls him an updated version of his clash suit.	Clayton Mendel Stromm decorates after calling Tinkerer, who calls him an updated version of his combat suit.	Samuel Mendel Stromm adorns after calling Tinkerer, who calls him an updated version of his clash suit.
3620	On 14 February 1998, he retired as Bishop of Gibraltar and was replaced by Bishop Charles Caruana on 24 May of the same year.	He was appointed Bishop of Gibraltar on 24 February 1998 and was appointed Bishop of Gibraltar on 24 February 1998.	On 14 February 1998, he retired as Bishop of Gibraltar and was replaced by Bishop John Caruana on 24 May of the same year.
3621	After Matt falls into a magical, coma-like slumber, Elena takes on more responsibility and finally becomes the sheriff of Mystic Falls.	After Matt falls into a magical, coma-like slumber, Elena takes more responsibility and finally becomes Sheriff of Mystic Falls.	After Patrick falls into a magical, coma-like slumber, Elena takes on more responsibility and finally becomes the sheriff of Mystic Falls.
3630	Freddy is found guilty of fire at Hotel Ter Smissen and the dead of Marianne.	Freddy is found guilty of fire at the hotel Ter Smissen and the dead of Marianne.	Jayden is found guilty of fire at Hotel Ter Smissen and the dead of Marianne.
3634	Also in Peaches Christ'; s All About Evil with Cassandra Peterson, Mink Stole and Patrick Bristow appeared Brown Brown.	Brown Brown also appeared in Peaches Christ's All About Evil with Cassandra Peterson, Mink Stole and Patrick Bristow.	Also in Peaches Christ'; s All About Evil with Cassandra Alex, Mink Stole and Patrick Bristow appeared Brown Brown.
3639	Original members of the NYL include: Hanford, Roosevelt, Merced, Visalia, Madera, Fresno and Edison.	The original members of the NYL are: Hanford, Roosevelt, Merced, Visalia, Madera, Fresno and Edison.	Original members of the NYL include: Hanford, Nathaniel, Merced, Visalia, Madera, Fresno and Edison.
3640	Robert Maass was born in East Orange, New Jersey, to study German immigrants Hedwig and Clara Maass.	Robert Maass was born in East Orange, New Jersey, to German immigrants Hedwig and Clara Maass.	Sean Maass was born in East Orange, New Jersey, to study German immigrants Hedwig and Clara Maass.
3643	There are professional Barbershop Harmony Society and amateur groups who sing exclusively a cappella.	There are professional Barbershop Harmony Society and amateur groups that sing exclusively A cappella.	There are professional Barbershop Patricia Society and amateur groups who sing exclusively a cappella.
3645	Bailly's other works in Washington, D.C. include sculptures of Benjamin Hallowell and Alexander Boss Shepherd.	Bailly's other works in Washington, D.C. include sculptures by Benjamin Hallowell and Alexander Boss Shepherd.	Bailly's other works in Washington, D.C. include sculptures of Adrian Hallowell and Alexander Boss Shepherd.
3650	Beaten Guillermo Vilas defeated Björn Borg, 6 - 1, 6 - 1, 6 - 3.	Beaten Guillermo Vilas defeated Björn Borg, 6 - 1, 6 - 1, 6 - 3.	Beaten Chad Vilas defeated Björn Borg, 6 - 1, 6 - 1, 6 - 3.
3657	Born in Beaumont, Texas, Brian Babin visited the High School in Woodville, TX, where his father was Lucas Mayor.	Brian Babin, born in Beaumont, Texas, attended high school in Woodville, TX, where his father was Lucas Mayor.	Born in Beaumont, Texas, Caleb Babin visited the High School in Woodville, TX, where his father was Lucas Mayor.
3672	Anna and Jake also start with Tess's approval.	Anna and Jake also start with Tess's approval.	Erica and Jake also start with Tess's approval.
3689	Commander Adama arrives with Billy Keikeya and Chief Galen Tyrol in Kobol.	Commander Adama arrives in Kobol with Billy Keikeya and Chief Galen Tyrol.	Commander Adama arrives with Billy Keikeya and Chief Edward Tyrol in Kobol.
3694	Inception is a science fiction film from 2010, written, co-produced and staged by Christopher Nolan and co-produced by Emma Thomas.	Inception is a 2010 science fiction film written, co-produced and directed by Christopher Nolan and co-produced by Emma Thomas.	Inception is a science fiction film from 2010, written, co-produced and staged by Christopher Nolan and co-produced by Emma Logan.
3695	Godman was a paramour of the Jackie French (né John Homer French), bookmaker for Lou Blonger.	Godman was a paramour of the Jackie French (né John Homer French), bookmaker for Lou Blonger.	Godman was a paramour of the Jackie French (né John Homer French), bookmaker for Shannon Blonger.
3703	Hastings Ndlovu, together with Hector Pieterson, was buried at the Avalon cemetery in Johannesburg.	Hastings Ndlovu was interred with Hector Pieterson in the Avalon Cemetery in Johannesburg.	Hastings Ndlovu, together with Travis Pieterson, was buried at the Avalon cemetery in Johannesburg.
3704	The movie was produced by Sy Weintraub and Harvey Hayutin and directed by Robert Day.	The film was produced by Sy Weintraub and Harvey Hayutin and directed by Robert Day.	The movie was produced by Sy Weintraub and Harvey Hayutin and directed by Isaac Day.
3715	David Miliband was trained at the Primrose Hill Primary School in Camden and Newlaithes Primary School in Leeds.	David Miliband was educated at Primrose Hill Primary School in Camden and Newlaithes Primary School in Leeds.	Logan Miliband was trained at the Primrose Hill Primary School in Camden and Newlaithes Primary School in Leeds.
3716	In the Hong Kong Chief Executive election, 2007, Alan Leong of the Civic Party successfully entered the race against the incumbent Donald Tsang.	In the 2007 Hong Kong presidential election, Alan Leong of the Civic Party successfully entered the race against incumbent Donald Tsang.	In the Hong Kong Chief Executive election, 2007, Benjamin Leong of the Civic Party successfully entered the race against the incumbent Donald Tsang.
3728	Jason Dohring also came as a Spencer on board.	Jason Dohring also came on board as Spencer.	Nicholas Dohring also came as a Spencer on board.
3734	Sharon Northe has been the conductor of the group since 2003, and Heather Weaver has been President since 2017.	Sharon Northe has been chief conductor of the group since 2003, Heather Weaver has been president since 2017.	Danielle Northe has been the conductor of the group since 2003, and Heather Weaver has been President since 2017.
3738	In the first round of the 2012 Presidential election, David Sanakoyev received 42.5 % of the vote to lead Tibilov.	In the first round of the 2012 presidential election, David Sanakoyev received 42.5% of the vote to lead Tibilov.	In the first round of the 2012 Presidential election, Nicholas Sanakoyev received 42.5 % of the vote to lead Tibilov.
3747	In 1960, Glenville directed also Robert Anderson on the Broadway in Silent Night, Lonely Night of Barbara Bel Geddes and Henry Fonda.	In 1960 Glenville also directed Robert Anderson on Broadway in Silent Night, Lonely Night by Barbara Bel Geddes and Henry Fonda.	In 1960, Glenville directed also Marcus Anderson on the Broadway in Silent Night, Lonely Night of Barbara Bel Geddes and Henry Fonda.
3765	There are professional Barbershop Harmony Society and amateur groups that sing a cappella exclusively.	There are professional Barbershop Harmony Society and amateur groups that sing exclusively A cappella.	There are professional Barbershop Isabella Society and amateur groups that sing a cappella exclusively.
3772	According to the Louis and Clarke Adventures, Salina is considered the Grand Island (of Nebraska) of the south.	After the Louis and Clarke Adventures, Salina is considered the Grand Island (of Nebraska) of the South.	According to the Louis and David Adventures, Salina is considered the Grand Island (of Nebraska) of the south.
3778	He was also a mechanic in Freddie Spencer's team when Spencer won the 500cc World Championship title in 1985.	He was also a mechanic in Freddie Spencer's team when Spencer won the 500cc World Championship title in 1985.	He was also a mechanic in Freddie Henry's team when Henry won the 500cc World Championship title in 1985.
3784	Beatrice Campbell met Edie Martyn (Jonathan Dakers) as a child.	Beatrice Campbell met Edie Martyn (Jonathan Dakers) as a child.	Beatrice Maria met Edie Martyn (Jonathan Dakers) as a child.
3794	He was presented by Robert Loggia in the television film A Woman Called Golda (1982), opposite Ingrid Bergman as Golda Meir.	He was introduced by Robert Loggia in the television film A Woman Called Golda (1982), opposite Ingrid Bergman as Golda Meir.	He was presented by Robert Loggia in the television film A Woman Called Tiffany (1982), opposite Ingrid Bergman as Tiffany Meir.
3800	The independent hooper - scholar Kathryn Lindskoog argued that Lewis' scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed fake works to Lewis.	Independent Hooper scholar Kathryn Lindskoog argued that Lewis' scholarship was not reliable and that he had made false statements and attributed fake works to Lewis.	The independent hooper - scholar Alexis Lindskoog argued that Lewis' scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed fake works to Lewis.
3805	The speakers were Caryl - Austrian, President of WHF Washington, and Anita Miller (then at the Ford Foundation).	The speakers were Caryl - Austrian, President of WHF Washington, and Anita Miller (then at the Ford Foundation).	The speakers were Caryl - Austrian, President of WHF Washington, and Tiffany Miller (then at the Ford Foundation).
3813	She entered the Pinoy Big Brother House on Day 46 to fill one of the gaps left behind by Ethel and Mcoy with the other reoccupied by Gaby.	She entered the Pinoy Big Brother House on day 46 to fill one of the gaps that Ethel and Mcoy reoccupied with the other of Gaby.	She entered the Pinoy Big Brother House on Day 46 to fill one of the gaps left behind by Ethel and Mcoy with the other reoccupied by Julie.
3827	In addition, the song Calling All Angels by Jane Siberry is played in the film and is included on the soundtrack.	In addition, the song Calling All Angels by Jane Siberry is played in the film and is included in the soundtrack.	In addition, the song Calling All Angels by Ashley Siberry is played in the film and is included on the soundtrack.
3833	Zac Posen invested in 2004 in the high-end label Sean John.	Zac Posen invested in the high-end label Sean John in 2004.	Zac Posen invested in 2004 in the high-end label Jesse John.
3834	David was outraged at the rebuke and immediately opened negotiations with Michal, who welcomed him on the condition that his wife Abner should be returned to him.	David was outraged at the rebuke and immediately opened negotiations with Michal, who welcomed him on the condition that his wife Abner be returned to him.	Jonathan was outraged at the rebuke and immediately opened negotiations with Michal, who welcomed him on the condition that his wife Abner should be returned to him.
3835	La Vegueta is a village in Tinajo, Lanzarote province of western Las Palmas in the Canary Islands.	La Vegueta is a village in the province of Tinajo in the province of Lanzarote in the Canary Islands.	Emily Vegueta is a village in Tinajo, Lanzarote province of western Las Palmas in the Canary Islands.
3840	The nearest station to Hayes Knoll is Cricklade, the nearest train station is on the Great Western Main Line.	The nearest train station to Hayes Knoll is Cricklade, the nearest train station is on the Great Western Main Line.	The nearest station to Mark Knoll is Cricklade, the nearest train station is on the Great Western Main Line.
3847	Colin MacDougall is a married to Richardson.	Colin MacDougall is married to Richardson.	Donald MacDougall is a married to Richardson.
3849	In 1881, he married Agnes Theodora Walther, daughter of Vagn Petersson, and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vilhelm Theodor Walther.	In 1881 he married Agnes Theodora Walther, daughter of Vagn Petersson, and his son is botanist and draughtsman Vilhelm Theodor Walther.	In 1881, he married Agnes Julia Walther, daughter of Vagn Petersson, and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vilhelm Theodor Walther.
3856	Rajesh's best friends are Selva, a good spirited boy, and David, an arrogant sports hero but with a good heart.	Rajesh's best friends are Selva, a good temperamental boy, and David, an arrogant sports hero, but with a good heart.	Rajesh's best friends are Selva, a good spirited boy, and Shawn, an arrogant sports hero but with a good heart.
3858	In 2014, the founding member of 15 years of age left Devin Abrams and was replaced by Dan McGruer.	In 2014, the 15-year-old founding member, Devin Abrams, left and was replaced by Dan McGruer.	In 2014, the founding member of 15 years of age left Devin Abrams and was replaced by Carlos McGruer.
3866	In Europe, Pueraria montana grows in several places in warm regions of Switzerland and Italy near Lake Maggiore and Lake Lugano.	In Europe, Pueraria montana grows in several places in warm regions of Switzerland and Italy near Lake Maggiore and Lake Lugano.	In Europe, Pueraria Kimberly grows in several places in warm regions of Switzerland and Italy near Lake Maggiore and Lake Lugano.
3873	When Hill died in 1936, Fletcher was appointed to fill the vacancy until a successor could be elected.	When Hill died in 1936, Fletcher was appointed to fill the post until a successor could be elected.	When Hill died in 1936, Jesse was appointed to fill the vacancy until a successor could be elected.
3878	One of the best and most prestigious schools in Aligarh is St Francis inter college, Hathras road.	One of the best and most prestigious schools in Aligarh is St Francis Inter College, Hathras Street.	One of the best and most prestigious schools in Aligarh is St Shawn inter college, Hathras road.
3904	Tom Patterson (born February 12, 1979) is an American entrepreneur who, in 2008, founded Tommy John.	Tommy John (born February 22, 1979) is an American businessman who founded Tommy John in 2008.	Samuel Patterson (born February 12, 1979) is an American entrepreneur who, in 2008, founded Tommy John.
3905	Between 1926 and 1927 Nikolai Malko wrote his symphony No. 9 in e - Moll op. 28, dedicated to Nikolai Myaskovsky.	Between 1926 and 1927 Nikolai Malko wrote his Symphony No. 9 in E minor op. 28, dedicated to Nikolai Myaskowski.	Between 1926 and 1927 Isaiah Malko wrote his symphony No. 9 in e - Moll op. 28, dedicated to Isaiah Myaskovsky.
3908	In 1987, Jack wrote his autobiography with Paul Conn, Eckerd: Finding the Right Prescription. 	In 1987 Jack wrote his autobiography with Paul Conn, Eckerd: Finding the Right Prescription.	In 1987, Jack wrote his autobiography with Nicholas Conn, Eckerd: Finding the Right Prescription. 
3916	The winning Mike McEwen team represented Manitoba at Tim Hortons Brier in 2016 in Ottawa.	The winning team Mike McEwen represented Manitoba in 2016 with Tim Hortons Brier in Ottawa.	The winning Logan McEwen team represented Manitoba at Tim Hortons Brier in 2016 in Ottawa.
3934	A second son of Berkeley John Talbot Levett and his wife Lady Jane was Theophilus Levett, an officer at the Scots Guards.	A second son of Berkeley John Talbot Levett and his wife, Lady Jane, was Theophilus Levett, an officer of the Scottish Guard.	A second son of Berkeley John Talbot Levett and his wife Kristen Jane was Theophilus Levett, an officer at the Scots Guards.
3947	Evan Lloyd of Dolobran, son, who married Gwenhafar lloyd, daughter of Meredith Lloyd of Meivod.	Evan Lloyd of Dolobran, son who married Gwenhafar lolyd, daughter of Meredith Lloyd of Meivod.	Luke Lloyd of Dolobran, son, who married Gwenhafar lloyd, daughter of Meredith Lloyd of Meivod.
3952	4 December 1992 - Birmingham City Trainer Ian Atkins is appointed manager of Cambridge United.	December 4, 1992 - Birmingham City Trainer Ian Atkins is appointed manager of Cambridge United.	4 December 1992 - Birmingham City Trainer Gabriel Atkins is appointed manager of Cambridge United.
3953	Nikolaus sent a telegram to Nicholas, asking for Russian support for the Austrian war against Serbia.	Nicholas sent a telegram to Nicholas asking for Russian support for the Austrian war against Serbia.	Nikolaus sent a telegram to Richard, asking for Russian support for the Austrian war against Serbia.
3959	Gwenhafar of Dolobran, son, who married Evan Lloyd lloyd, daughter of Meredith Lloyd of Meivod.	Gwenhafar of Dolobran, son who married Evan Lloyd Lloyd, daughter of Meredith Lloyd of Meivod.	Gwenhafar of Dolobran, son, who married Evan Thomas lloyd, daughter of Meredith Thomas of Meivod.
3960	Cooper Cooper has also represented several Hollywood actors, including Lynn Baggett for Murder, Joan Bennett and Shirley Temple in her divorce from John Agar.	Cooper Cooper has also represented several Hollywood actors, including Lynn Baggett for Murder, Joan Bennett and Shirley Temple in their divorce from John Agar.	Cooper Cooper has also represented several Hollywood actors, including Lynn Baggett for Murder, Joan Bennett and Shirley Temple in her divorce from Benjamin Agar.
3967	Marta becomes exploited by both the city and Eddie's brother, Angela.	Marta is exploited by both the city and Eddie's brother Angela.	Marta becomes exploited by both the city and Eddie's brother, Christina.
3976	Kelley began having regular one-man exhibitions at Metro Pictures Gallery in Los Angeles in 1982, and at Rosamund Felsen Gallery in Manhattan the following year.	In 1982 Kelley began regular solo exhibitions at the Metro Pictures Gallery in Los Angeles and the following year at the Rosamund Felsen Gallery in Manhattan.	Lindsey began having regular one-man exhibitions at Metro Pictures Gallery in Los Angeles in 1982, and at Rosamund Felsen Gallery in Manhattan the following year.
3992	Charles Sutcliffe, the Beatles' biographer, wrote that Philip Norman was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife, which was observed by the young Sutcliffe.	Charles Sutcliffe, the biographer of the Beatles, wrote that Philip Norman was a strong drinker and physically cruel to his wife, who was observed by young Sutcliffe.	Charles Sutcliffe, the Beatles' biographer, wrote that Philip Elijah was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife, which was observed by the young Sutcliffe.
4016	Margaret Craske was born on 26 November 1892 in Norfolk, England, daughter of Edmund and Hannah Craske.	Margaret Craske was born on November 26, 1892 in Norfolk, England, daughter of Edmund and Hannah Craske.	Margaret Craske was born on 26 November 1892 in Norfolk, England, daughter of Edmund and Mary Craske.
4019	In November 2007, Jaime Nubiola endorsed Joseph Ransdell's view that It is simply a mystery at this point.	In November 2007, Jaime Nubiola supported Joseph Ransdell's view that It's just a secret at this point.	In November 2007, Jaime Nubiola endorsed Gregory Ransdell's view that It is simply a mystery at this point.
4023	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire, where he was a pupil of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood.	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire, where he was a student of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood.	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire, where he was a pupil of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Aiden Ashwood.
4024	Keenan played as a 197 cm ruckman and was a good marker of the ball as well as having a solid drop punt.	Keenan played as a 197 cm backpack and was a good marker of the ball as well as a solid Drop Punt.	Nathaniel played as a 197 cm ruckman and was a good marker of the ball as well as having a solid drop punt.
4028	The BMS Chair is Günter M. Ziegler (FU), and the deputy Chairs are Jürg Kramer (HU) and John M. Sullivan (TU).	The BMS president is Günter M. Ziegler (FU), the vice-chairmen are Jürg Kramer (HU) and John M. Sullivan (TU).	The BMS Chair is Günter M. Ziegler (FU), and the deputy Chairs are Jürg Kramer (HU) and John M. Evan (TU).
4030	In versions of the Renaissance, Ogier travels to the Avalon governed by King Arthur and eventually becomes Morgan le Fay's Paramour.	In versions of the Renaissance, Ogier travels to the Avalon ruled by King Arthur and eventually becomes Morgan le Fay's Paramour.	In versions of the Renaissance, Ogier travels to the Avalon governed by Juan Arthur and eventually becomes Morgan le Fay's Paramour.
4042	It features a fresh 1814 spin on legendary artists from Johnny Cash, Ring of fire to UB40, Picture on the wall.	It shows a fresh 1814 spin on legendary artists from Johnny Cash, Ring of Fire to UB40, picture on the wall.	It features a fresh 1814 spin on legendary artists from Matthew Cash, Ring of fire to UB40, Picture on the wall.
4074	Catterick Garrison is a major garrison and town south of Richmond in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire, England.	Catterick Garrison is a large garrison located south of Richmond in the Richmondshire District in North Yorkshire, England.	Catterick Carlos is a major garrison and town south of Richmond in the Richmondshire district of North Yorkshire, England.
4076	In 1220, a Swedish army, led by King John I of Sweden and Bishop Karl von Linköping Lihula in Rotalia in Western Estonia, conquered the city.	In 1220, a Swedish army led by King John I of Sweden and Bishop Charles of Linköping Lihula in Rotalia in West Estonia conquered the city.	In 1220, a Swedish army, led by King John I of Sweden and Bishop Logan von Linköping Lihula in Rotalia in Western Estonia, conquered the city.
4086	The building, which was commissioned by the City Fathers was designed by William Stark, was opened in 1808, originally as St. George's Parish Church.	The building, commissioned by the city's fathers, was designed by William Stark and opened in 1808, originally as St. George's parish church.	The building, which was commissioned by the City Fathers was designed by Daniel Stark, was opened in 1808, originally as St. George's Parish Church.
4090	Soon, though, Li Longji was overthrown in a coup led by Emperor Zhongzong's sister Princess Taiping and his nephew Linzi the Prince of Empress Wei.	Soon, however, Li Longji was overthrown by a coup led by Emperor Zhongzong's sister Princess Taiping and his nephew Linzi, the prince of Empress Wei.	Soon, though, Li Longji was overthrown in a coup led by Emperor Zhongzong's sister Julia Taiping and his nephew Linzi the Prince of Empress Wei.
4092	Danielle, Nadine and Mark have visible their pictures in the school case.	Danielle, Nadine and Mark made their pictures visible in the school case.	Danielle, Nadine and George have visible their pictures in the school case.
4101	Lawler accused Bret Hart of being a racist in 1995 in order to create problems between Hart and Japanese wrestler Hakushi.	In 1995, Lawler accused Bret Hart of being a racist to create problems between Hart and the Japanese wrestler Hakushi.	Lawler accused Timothy Hart of being a racist in 1995 in order to create problems between Hart and Japanese wrestler Hakushi.
4107	Its members are Kena and Nakia Epps, sisters from Boston, and Karen Johnson, of Chicago.	His members are Kena and Nakia Epps, sisters from Boston and Karen Johnson from Chicago.	Its members are Kena and Nakia Epps, sisters from Boston, and Leslie Johnson, of Chicago.
4116	He was the father of painter Emanuel Swedenborg and cousin of the religious leader John Hesselius.	He was the father of the painter Emanuel Swedenborg and cousin of the religious leader John Hesselius.	He was the father of painter Emanuel Swedenborg and cousin of the religious leader Dustin Hesselius.
4122	He married Anne Blanche Harriet Proctor (1870-1935), a daughter and co-founder of Septimus Wilkinson Crookes and Mary Ellen Blanche Crookes in 1901.	He married Anne Blanche Harriet Proctor (1870-1935), a daughter and co-founder of Septimus Wilkinson Crookes and Mary Ellen Blanche Crookes (1901).	He married Anne Alyssa Harriet Proctor (1870-1935), a daughter and co-founder of Septimus Wilkinson Crookes and Mary Ellen Alyssa Crookes in 1901.
4126	The series is based on the book series The Mortal Instruments from Ed Decter and was developed by Cassandra Clare for television.	The series is based on the book series The Mortal Instruments by Ed Decter and was developed by Cassandra Clare for television.	The series is based on the book series The Mortal Instruments from Ed Decter and was developed by Julie Clare for television.
4128	In 1854 Cooper left Australia and returned to London where he lived, a confirmed bachelor, until his death at the age of ninety.	In 1854, Cooper left Australia and returned to London, where he lived as a bachelor until his death at the age of ninety.	In 1854 Brandon left Australia and returned to London where he lived, a confirmed bachelor, until his death at the age of ninety.
4132	VanValkenburgh also criticized the lieutenant of Department of Ohio Commander Ambrose Burnside, General Milo S. Hascall.	VanValkenburgh also criticized the lieutenant of the Department of Ohio Commander Ambrose Burnside, General Milo S. Hascall.	VanValkenburgh also criticized the lieutenant of Department of Ohio Commander Jayden Burnside, General Milo S. Hascall.
4135	L. Subramaniam married Dr. Kavita Krishnamurthy in Bengaluru, Karnataka on 11th November, 1999.	L. Subramaniam married Dr. Kavita Krishnamurthy on 11 November 1999 in Bengaluru, Karnataka.	L. Subramaniam married Dr. Sydney Krishnamurthy in Bengaluru, Karnataka on 11th November, 1999.
4137	Forward Rob Blake was replaced by defender Patrick Marleau as team captain.	Forward Rob Blake was replaced by Patrick Marleau as team captain.	Forward Rob Blake was replaced by defender Elijah Marleau as team captain.
4138	In 1968, Catherine Gillies, the granddaughter of Barbara Myers, learned of Charles Manson about Myers Ranch.	In 1968, Catherine Gillies, the granddaughter of Barbara Myers, learned from Charles Manson about the Myers Ranch.	In 1968, Alexis Gillies, the granddaughter of Barbara Myers, learned of Charles Manson about Myers Ranch.
4163	Rabbi Levi taught that on the night described in God showed Jacob all the signs.	Rabbi Levi taught that during the night described in God, Jacob showed all the signs.	Rabbi John taught that on the night described in God showed Jacob all the signs.
4172	September 2: CF Michael Bourn and CF Drew Stubbs activated, C. Caleb Joseph, LHP Jayson Aquino and RHP Tyler Wilson by AAA Norfolk recalled.	September 2: CF Michael Bourn and CF Drew Stubbs activated, C. Caleb Joseph, LHP Jayson Aquino and RHP Tyler Wilson recalled by AAA Norfolk.	September 2: CF Michael Bourn and CF Drew Stubbs activated, C. Caleb Joseph, LHP Jayson Aquino and RHP Brandon Wilson by AAA Norfolk recalled.
4184	Dora Smith is a widow of two own children: Will and Ma Smith.	Dora Smith is a widow of two children: Will and Ma Smith.	Dora Caleb is a widow of two own children: Will and Ma Caleb.
4190	The first president of Antigone was Mauro Palma (1991-1999), who were replaced by Stefano Anastasia (1999-2005).	The first president of Antigone was Mauro Palma (1991-1999), appointed by Stefano Anastasia (1999-2005).	The first president of Antigone was Mauro Palma (1991-1999), who were replaced by Tyler Anastasia (1999-2005).
4191	Marco Conti is Captain Regent of San Marino together with Glauco Sansovini for the semester from April 1, 2010 to October 1, 2010.	Marco Conti is captain Regent of San Marino together with Glauco Sansovini for the semester from 1 April 2010 to 1 October 2010.	Evan Conti is Captain Regent of San Marino together with Glauco Sansovini for the semester from April 1, 2010 to October 1, 2010.
4196	Sol Lesser, a film producer who had discovered Jackie Coogan, signed Breen at RKO Radio Pictures.	Sol Lesser, a film producer who had discovered Jackie Coogan, signed Breen with RKO Radio Pictures.	Sol Lesser, a film producer who had discovered Samantha Coogan, signed Breen at RKO Radio Pictures.
4200	Professor Azra Meadows and Dr Peter Meadows are the editors of The Glasgow Naturalist, the annual publication of The Glasgow Natural History Society.	Professor Azra Meadows and Dr Peter Meadows are the editors of The Glasgow Naturalist, the annual publication of the Glasgow Natural History Society.	Professor Emily Meadows and Dr Peter Meadows are the editors of The Glasgow Naturalist, the annual publication of The Glasgow Natural History Society.
4205	The cast list indicates a date of first performance after Taylor joined the company in the Spring of 1619, and before Tooley's death in June 1623.	The cast list shows a date of first performance after Taylor joined the company in the spring of 1619, and before Tooley's death in June 1623.	The cast list indicates a date of first performance after Hailey joined the company in the Spring of 1619, and before Tooley's death in June 1623.
4207	In 1948 Bubba produced the first Italian self-propelled combine harvester, the 1500, preceded only by Massey Harris in 1941.	In 1948, Bubba produced the first Italian self-propelled combine harvester, the 1500, which was preceded by Massey Harris in 1941.	In 1948 Bubba produced the first Italian self-propelled combine harvester, the 1500, preceded only by Massey Carlos in 1941.
4211	A grandson of Henry Dennis was Frederick Herbert Wood Mus.Doc, who was organist of Blackpool Parish Church from 1918 until 1963.	A grandson of Henry Dennis was Frederick Herbert Wood Mus.Doc, who was organist of the Blackpool Parish Church from 1918 to 1963.	A grandson of Henry Dennis was Jesus Herbert Wood Mus.Doc, who was organist of Blackpool Parish Church from 1918 until 1963.
4213	The friendship between him and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951, when they disagreed at an annual meeting, and Greaves reported that Duncan said:	The friendship between him and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951 when they disagreed at an annual meeting, and Greaves reported that Duncan said:	The friendship between him and Adam ended at a club meeting in 1951, when they disagreed at an annual meeting, and Greaves reported that Adam said:
4214	Georges Merle died in Paris in 1881, his son Hugues Merle became a painter as well.	Georges Merle died in Paris in 1881, and his son Hugues Merle also became a painter.	Lucas Merle died in Paris in 1881, his son Hugues Merle became a painter as well.
4221	In the 9th minute, Lewandowski opened the lead, followed by Xabi Alonso four minutes later.	In the 9th minute Lewandowski opened the tour, followed by Xabi Alonso four minutes later.	In the 9th minute, Lewandowski opened the lead, followed by Xabi Jared four minutes later.
4224	He was then traded for the Detroit Tigers for Matt Drews and Joe Randa through the Arizona Diamondbacks with Travis Fryman.	He was traded to the Detroit Tigers against Matt Drews and Joe Randa by the Arizona Diamondbacks against Travis Fryman.	He was then traded for the Detroit Tigers for Jackson Drews and Joe Randa through the Arizona Diamondbacks with Travis Fryman.
4226	Langdon Hubbard died in 1892, and William H. Bennett took over the mill.	Langdon Hubbard died in 1892 and William H. Bennett took over the mill.	Aiden Hubbard died in 1892, and William H. Bennett took over the mill.
4230	Spencer also came as Jason Dohring on board.	Spencer also came on board as Jason Dohring.	Spencer also came as Mark Dohring on board.
4234	This version of Robert Hammond is a xenobiology professor, an old friend of Hal Jordan and the son of United States senator Hector Hammond.	This version of Robert Hammond is a xenobiology professor, an old friend of Hal Jordan and the son of U.S. Senator Hector Hammond.	This version of Carlos Hammond is a xenobiology professor, an old friend of Hal Jordan and the son of United States senator Hector Hammond.
4242	Guan Yu agreed with Zhao Yan's view and broke his plan to attack Cao Ren.	Guan Yu agreed to Zhao Yan's view and broke his plan to attack Cao Ren.	Guan Nathan agreed with Zhao Yan's view and broke his plan to attack Cao Ren.
4247	Gaius Furnius was 17 BC during the reign of Consul Augustus.	Gaius Furnius was in 17 BC during the reign of the consul Augustus.	Gaius Furnius was 17 BC during the reign of Consul John.
4262	Sherwin has also interviewed authors and musicians. Including, his interview with bassist Sean Yseult of White Zombie, author Janet Evanovich, and author Anne Bishop.	Sherwin also interviewed authors and musicians, including his interview with bassist Sean Yseult of White Zombie, author Janet Evanovich and author Anne Bishop.	Sherwin has also interviewed authors and musicians. Including, his interview with bassist Sean Yseult of White Zombie, author Chelsea Evanovich, and author Anne Bishop.
4265	John Guedel was the director, and Harry Kronman was the producer.	John Guedel was the director and Harry Kronman the producer.	John Guedel was the director, and Donald Kronman was the producer.
4277	After the resignation of Jennings B. Whitworth and the hiring of Drew in December 1954, Crisp was again maintained as a line coach.	After the resignation of Jennings B. Whitworth and the hiring of Drew in December 1954, Crisp was again appointed coach of the line.	After the resignation of Isaiah B. Whitworth and the hiring of Drew in December 1954, Crisp was again maintained as a line coach.
4280	The country south of Severin was governed for Bulgaria by the despot of Vidin, Michael Shishman, a supporter of Vejtehi.	The country south of Severin was ruled for Bulgaria by the despot Vidin, Michael Shishman, a supporter of Vejtehi.	The country south of Severin was governed for Bulgaria by the despot of Vidin, James Shishman, a supporter of Vejtehi.
4284	The other song, Hej Clown, was written by Lasse Berghagen and later by ABBA - member Benny Andersson.	The other song, Hej Clown, was written by Lasse Berghagen and later by ABBA member Benny Andersson.	The other song, Hej Clown, was written by Lasse Berghagen and later by ABBA - member Shawn Andersson.
4291	Lea Antonoplis and Cammy MacGregor won in the final 6 - 3, 3 - 6, 7 - 5 against Ann Henricksson and Julie Richardson.	Lea Antonoplis and Cammy MacGregor won 6 - 3, 3 - 6, 7 - 5 in the final against Ann Henricksson and Julie Richardson.	Lea Antonoplis and Cammy MacGregor won in the final 6 - 3, 3 - 6, 7 - 5 against Abigail Henricksson and Julie Richardson.
4293	Sir Richard Wells died on 26 November 1957 and was followed by his son, Sir Charles Maltby Wells, 2nd Baronet (1908-1996).	Sir Richard Wells died on 26 November 1957 and was awarded 2nd Baronet (1908-1996) by his son, Sir Charles Maltby Wells.	Sir Richard Wells died on 26 November 1957 and was followed by his son, Sir Matthew Maltby Wells, 2nd Baronet (1908-1996).
4303	I tried to buy it when Roy Abernethy (later governor of Michigan) and George Romney were AMC.	I tried to buy it when Roy Abernethy (later Governor of Michigan) and George Romney were AMC.	I tried to buy it when Roy Abernethy (later governor of Michigan) and Alexander Romney were AMC.
4304	Frank Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio, consisting of the bassist Zé Eduardo Nazario, drummer Frank Herzberg and pianist Alexandre Zamith.	Frank Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio consisting of bassist Zé Eduardo Nazario, drummer Frank Herzberg and pianist Alexandre Zamith.	Frank Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio, consisting of the bassist Zé Christian Nazario, drummer Frank Herzberg and pianist Alexandre Zamith.
4305	In the third film, the fat lady of Elizabeth Spriggs and Dawn French is played in the first film.	In the third movie, the fat lady of Elizabeth Spriggs and Dawn French is played in the first movie.	In the third film, the fat lady of Kelly Spriggs and Dawn French is played in the first film.
4313	Christine became hopeful that after her first interview with Gordon Stewart Northcott, her son Walter could still be alive.	Christine became hopeful that her son Walter could still be alive after her first interview with Gordon Stewart Northcott.	Christine became hopeful that after her first interview with Gordon Stewart Northcott, her son Paul could still be alive.
4314	In 1951 Avon Publications published a comic adaptation in Rocket to the Moon, by Walter Gibson (script) and Joe Orlando (art).	In 1951, Avon Publications published a comic adaptation in Rocket to the Moon by Walter Gibson (screenplay) and Joe Orlando (art).	In 1951 Avon Publications published a comic adaptation in Rocket to the Moon, by Walter Gibson (script) and Peter Orlando (art).
4317	The poet and writer Andrija Kačić Miošić and the Franciscan writer Filip Grabovac introduce a special place in the literature of the 18th century.	The poet and writer Andrija Kačić Miošić and the Franciscan writer Filip Grabovac present a special place in the literature of the 18th century.	The poet and writer Andrija Kačić Miošić and the Franciscan writer Bryan Grabovac introduce a special place in the literature of the 18th century.
4336	His son Henry Wheeler Shaw (1818 - 1885) became a well-known humorist under the pen name Josh Billings.	His son Henry Wheeler Shaw (1818 - 1885) became a well-known humorist under the pseudonym Josh Billings.	His son Henry Wheeler Zachary (1818 - 1885) became a well-known humorist under the pen name Josh Billings.
4349	Miranda quotes Voltaire: If we find nothing new, we will find at least something pleasant, and looks longingly at Oscar.	Miranda quotes Voltaire: If we find nothing new, we will at least find something pleasant, and looks longingly for Oscar.	Miranda quotes Voltaire: If we find nothing new, we will find at least something pleasant, and looks longingly at Tyler.
4358	Goodlatte, a pilot and Air Force veteran, who made a 2015 primary challenge of State Delegate Chris Head, challenged Harry Griego for the Republican nomination.	Goodlatte, a pilot and Air Force veteran, who was a 2015 primary challenge of state delegate Chris Head, demanded Harry Griego for the Republican nomination.	Goodlatte, a pilot and Air Force veteran, who made a 2015 primary challenge of State Delegate Chris Head, challenged Dustin Griego for the Republican nomination.
4373	Phillips Brooks preached his last sermon at BHCC and his Christmas song O Little Town of Bethlehem had his first performance.	Phillips Brooks preached his last sermon at the BHCC and his Christmas song O Little Town of Bethlehem had its first performance.	Phillips John preached his last sermon at BHCC and his Christmas song O Little Town of Bethlehem had his first performance.
4376	The current director of Sony Best is Ajay GAjjar who is also a foremost member of WPI.	The current director of Sony Best is Ajay GAjjar, who is also a leading member of WPI.	The current director of Sony Best is Brian GAjjar who is also a foremost member of WPI.
4377	Around 1560, Wiliam Way was born in the Diocese of Exeter, bishop Richard Challoner said he was born in Cornwall, and former authorities say in Devonshire.	Around 1560 Wiliam Way was born in the diocese of Exeter, Bishop Richard Challoner said he was born in Cornwall, and former authorities say in Devonshire.	Around 1560, Wiliam Way was born in the Diocese of Exeter, bishop Evan Challoner said he was born in Cornwall, and former authorities say in Devonshire.
4378	Kingspade consists of the rap - Duo Johnny Richter (Tim McNutt) and D-Loc (Dustin Gary Miller) from Kottonmouth Kings.	Kingspade consists of the rap duo Johnny Richter (Tim McNuttt) and D-Loc (Dustin Gary Miller) of Kottonmouth Kings.	Kingspade consists of the rap - Duo Johnny Richter (Tim McNutt) and D-Loc (Dustin Alex Miller) from Kottonmouth Kings.
4379	Cunningham Elementary School was selected in 2003 by Governor Jim McGreevey as one of 25 schools awarded nationwide for the first annual Governor's School of Excellence.	Cunningham Elementary School was awarded in 2003 by Governor Jim McGreevey as one of 25 schools nationwide for the first annual Governor's School of Excellence.	Cunningham Elementary School was selected in 2003 by Governor Cameron McGreevey as one of 25 schools awarded nationwide for the first annual Governor's School of Excellence.
4390	On July 24, 2013, Brother Ali appeared as Expert Witness at the Maximum Fun Podcast Judge John Hodgman.	On July 24, 2013, Brother Ali appeared as an expert witness in the Judge John Hodgman of the Highest Fun Podcast.	On July 24, 2013, Brother Joseph appeared as Expert Witness at the Maximum Fun Podcast Judge John Hodgman.
4391	McLaughlin died at Oshawa in 1921 of colon cancer. His brother James was a doctor and member of the Ontario assembly.	McLaughlin died of colon cancer in Oshawa in 1921. His brother James was a doctor and a member of the Ontario Assembly.	McLaughlin died at Oshawa in 1921 of colon cancer. His brother Steven was a doctor and member of the Ontario assembly.
4414	Thomas Thomas Kane's first memorable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at the age of six when he was twenty years old.	Thomas Thomas Kane's first unforgettable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at the age of six when he was twenty years old.	Thomas Thomas Kane's first memorable encounter with Karen Wood was at the age of six when he was twenty years old.
4415	The Queen's exchange is a play from the Caroline era, a tragicomedy written by Richard Brome.	The Queen's Exchange is a piece from the Caroline era, a tragic melody written by Richard Brome.	The Queen's exchange is a play from the Caroline era, a tragicomedy written by Samuel Brome.
4427	David Monro was the first representative from 1861 to 1866. Arthur Beauchamp won the 1866 election, but resigned in 1867.	David Monro was the first representative from 1861 to 1866. Arthur Beauchamp won the election in 1866, but resigned in 1867.	Michael Monro was the first representative from 1861 to 1866. Arthur Beauchamp won the 1866 election, but resigned in 1867.
4429	Brian Babin, born in Beaumont, Texas, visited the high school in Woodville, TX, where his father Lucas was mayor.	Brian Babin, born in Beaumont, Texas, attended high school in Woodville, TX, where his father was Lucas Mayor.	Dylan Babin, born in Beaumont, Texas, visited the high school in Woodville, TX, where his father Lucas was mayor.
4436	He began his career under the care of his father Ustad Ayat Ali Khan and took his elder brother Ustad Bahadur Hossain Khan lessons as a violinist.	He began his career under the supervision of his father Ustad Ayat Ali Khan and took his older brother Ustad Bahadur Hossain Khan lessons as a violinist.	He began his career under the care of his father Ustad Ayat Angel Khan and took his elder brother Ustad Bahadur Hossain Khan lessons as a violinist.
4439	(Ray had been in the penguins in 1956, and both Eddie and Ray had been Don Wyatt in the later Colts/Fortunes.)	(Ray had been in the penguins in 1956, and both Eddie and Ray had been Don Wyatt in the later Colts/Fortunes.)	(Ray had been in the penguins in 1956, and both Eddie and Ray had been Don Thomas in the later Colts/Fortunes.)
4450	The R335 is a Regional Route in Somerset East that connects Port Elizabeth from the south to South Africa to the north via Addo.	The R335 is a regional route in Somerset East that connects Port Elizabeth from south to South Africa to the north via Addo.	The R335 is a Regional Route in Somerset East that connects Port Diana from the south to South Africa to the north via Addo.
4455	Osman's son Yafes Osman became the Science and Technology minister of Bangladesh in 2009.	Osman's son Yafes Osman became the Minister of Science and Technology in Bangladesh in 2009.	Liam's son Yafes Liam became the Science and Technology minister of Bangladesh in 2009.
4463	He was born into a family of actors, including his father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette, his grandfather was the Gilbert and Sullivan - conductor François Cellier.	He was born into a family of actors, including his father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette, and his grandfather was Gilbert and Sullivan conductor François Cellier.	He was born into a family of actors, including his father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette, his grandfather was the John and Sullivan - conductor François Cellier.
4472	Buddy Lazier, Veteran Stan Fox and Gordon Johncock made the race for the first time.	Buddy Lazier, veteran Stan Fox and Gordon Johncock made the race for the first time.	Buddy Lazier, Veteran Stan Fox and Jesse Johncock made the race for the first time.
4473	Trained with César Cielo, coach of American swimmer Bob Bowman, at the University of Michigan. He is a childhood friend of Michael Phelps.	Training with César Cielo, coach of the American swimmer Bob Bowman at the University of Michigan. He is a childhood friend of Michael Phelps.	Trained with César Cielo, coach of American swimmer Bob Bowman, at the University of Michigan. He is a childhood friend of Liam Phelps.
4485	The film was produced by Harry Alan Towers and was directed by Peter Collinson.	The film was produced by Harry Alan Towers and directed by Peter Collinson.	The film was produced by Harry Alan Towers and was directed by Liam Collinson.
4489	Shawn told Shawn that his mother was not dead and his father was still married and on the day of the wedding of Colleen and Santo, Shawn told Colleen.	Shawn told Shawn that his mother was not dead and his father was still married and on the day of the wedding of Colleen and Santo, Shawn said to Colleen.	Nathan told Nathan that his mother was not dead and his father was still married and on the day of the wedding of Colleen and Santo, Nathan told Colleen.
4491	During the five days of the journey, he brought some books about Elba which he studied from Fontainebleau.	During the five days of the trip, he brought some books about Elba, which he studied from Fontainebleau.	During the five days of the journey, he brought some books about Madison which he studied from Fontainebleau.
4492	The childhood of Berkeley was spent in Coventry, where he was a student of the translator Philemon Holland of Warwickshire and Henry Ashwood.	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Coventry, where he was a student of the translator Philemon Holland of Warwickshire and Henry Ashwood.	The childhood of Berkeley was spent in Coventry, where he was a student of the translator Philemon Kristin of Warwickshire and Henry Ashwood.
4493	David was outraged at the rebuke and immediately opened negotiations with Michal, who welcomed him on the condition that his wife Abner should be returned to him.	David was outraged at the rebuke and immediately opened negotiations with Michal, who welcomed him on the condition that his wife Abner be returned to him.	Brandon was outraged at the rebuke and immediately opened negotiations with Michal, who welcomed him on the condition that his wife Abner should be returned to him.
4501	The film was produced by Bruce David Janu, directed and processed, the soundtrack was composed by Tom Flannery and Lorne Clarke.	The film was produced by Bruce David Janu, directed and edited, and the soundtrack was composed by Tom Flannery and Lorne Clarke.	The film was produced by Bruce Jared Janu, directed and processed, the soundtrack was composed by Tom Flannery and Lorne Clarke.
4502	Sandringham Railway Station is located on Brighton Beach line in Victoria, Brighton, and serves south-eastern Australia, suburbs of Melbourne.	Sandringham Railway Station is located on Brighton Beach in Victoria, Brighton, and serves southeast of Australia, suburbs of Melbourne.	Sandringham Railway Station is located on Kyle Beach line in Victoria, Kyle, and serves south-eastern Australia, suburbs of Melbourne.
4504	After Spencer's eviction, Candice would be nominated again for three consecutive evictions, but was spared each time at the expense of Judd, Jessie and Helen.	After Spencer's eviction, Candice would again be nominated for three consecutive evictions, but was spared each time at the expense of Judd, Jessie and Helen.	After Spencer's eviction, Candice would be nominated again for three consecutive evictions, but was spared each time at the expense of Judd, Gregory and Helen.
4513	In 2011, George Maguire appeared as Richard Loeb in Thrill Me, first in the Tristan Bates Theatre in London, and then in the Charing Cross Theatre.	In 2011, George Maguire appeared as Richard Loeb in Thrill Me, first at Tristan Bates Theatre in London and then at Charing Cross Theatre.	In 2011, George Maguire appeared as Elijah Loeb in Thrill Me, first in the Tristan Bates Theatre in London, and then in the Charing Cross Theatre.
4515	The lead is played by Cameron Smith and the film is narrated by Gabriella Ethereal.	==Filmography=====Film======Television=====References====External links==	The lead is played by Cameron Smith and the film is narrated by Sydney Ethereal.
4524	On 20 April 2007, Stephanie Johnson joined the occupation of Days of Our Lives in the contract role of Hennig.	On April 20, 2007, Stephanie Johnson joined Hennig's contract role in the line-up of Days of Our Lives.	On 20 April 2007, Stephanie Jonathan joined the occupation of Days of Our Lives in the contract role of Hennig.
4525	As part of a rationalization campaign, the company reported in January 2017 that it would close three remaining regional cuisines in Atlanta, Landover and Everett.	As part of a rationalisation campaign, the company reported in January 2017 that it would close three remaining regional kitchens in Atlanta, Landover and Everett.	As part of a rationalization campaign, the company reported in January 2017 that it would close three remaining regional cuisines in Atlanta, Landover and Justin.
4536	Later, Nate reluctantly agrees that Ruth can stay for a few more days.	Later, Nate reluctantly agrees that Ruth can stay for a few days.	Later, Nate reluctantly agrees that Caroline can stay for a few more days.
4538	Otto Friedrich wrote in The Kingdom of Auschwitz about Rudolf Höss about his decision to present the motto at the Auschwitz - entrance so prominently:	Otto Friedrich wrote in The Kingdom of Auschwitz about Rudolf Höß about his decision to present the motto at the Auschwitz entrance so prominently:	Charles Friedrich wrote in The Kingdom of Auschwitz about Rudolf Höss about his decision to present the motto at the Auschwitz - entrance so prominently:
4556	Dolly Parton's thirteenth solo studio album, produced by Bob Ferguson, is Jolene.	The thirteenth solo album by Dolly Parton, produced by Bob Ferguson, is Jolene.	Dolly Parton's thirteenth solo studio album, produced by Bob Ferguson, is Melissa.
4569	The first edition of the tournament won by Eduardo Schwank against Ricardo Mello at 6: 4, 6: 2 in the final.	The first edition of the tournament won by Eduardo Schwank against Ricardo Mello in 6: 4, 6: 2 in the final.	The first edition of the tournament won by Eduardo Schwank against Daniel Mello at 6: 4, 6: 2 in the final.
4571	According to the RKD he was the son of the genre painter Abraham Busschop and brother of the bird painter Cornelis Bisschop.	According to the RKD, he was the son of the genre painter Abraham Busschop and brother of the bird painter Cornelis Bisschop.	According to the RKD he was the son of the genre painter Anthony Busschop and brother of the bird painter Cornelis Bisschop.
4588	Wally Masur defeated Bill Scanlon 6 - 4, 7 - 6 to secure the title.	Wally Masur defeated Bill Scanlon 6 - 4, 7 - 6 to secure the title.	Wally Masur defeated Cody Scanlon 6 - 4, 7 - 6 to secure the title.
4590	It was designed by architect Henry L. Taylor and was built by O. R. Woodcock.	It was designed by architect Henry L. Taylor and built by O. R. Woodcock.	It was designed by architect Julian L. Taylor and was built by O. R. Woodcock.
4593	Encouraged by the use of fresh voices in Roja, Srinivas approached Rahman.	Encouraged by the use of new voices in Roja, Srinivas Rahman approached.	Encouraged by the use of fresh voices in Roja, Srinivas approached Brian.
4596	In March 2016, Cain's car got stolen, Cain thought it was Charity or Ross.	In March 2016, Cain's car was stolen, Cain thought it was charity or Ross.	In March 2016, Cain's car got stolen, Cain thought it was Charity or Logan.
4598	It begins first with Dr. Sanjay Mehra (Rakesh Roshan) and his wife Sonia (Rekha), who are part of a car accident.	It begins first with Dr. Sanjay Mehra (Rakesh Roshan) and his wife Sonia (Rekha), who are part of a car accident.	It begins first with Dr. Logan Mehra (Rakesh Roshan) and his wife Sonia (Rekha), who are part of a car accident.
4603	In 2008 Rice co-headlined a tour with Maria Taylor of Azure Ray, and played Los Angeles' Sunset Junction festival.	In 2008, Rice played a tour with Maria Taylor of Azure Ray and played the Los Angeles Sunset Junction Festival.	In 2008 Rice co-headlined a tour with Maria Monica of Azure Ray, and played Los Angeles' Sunset Junction festival.
4612	Nikita Khrushchev asked for help from Jerome Wiesner and Cyrus Eaton, the latter who lobbied Jelinek.	Nikita Khrushchev asked for help from Jerome Wiesner and Cyrus Eaton, the latter who invited Jelinek.	Nikita Khrushchev asked for help from Adam Wiesner and Cyrus Eaton, the latter who lobbied Jelinek.
4619	The Frank Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio which consists of bassist Zé Eduardo Nazario, drummer Frank Herzberg and pianist Alexandre Zamith.	The Frank Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio consisting of bassist Zé Eduardo Nazario, drummer Frank Herzberg and pianist Alexandre Zamith.	The Frank Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio which consists of bassist Zé Eduardo Adam, drummer Frank Herzberg and pianist Alexandre Zamith.
4620	Born in Dundee, Gavin Plumley was educated at Monmouth School and read music at Keble College, Oxford. He lives in Bedford.	Gavin Plumley was born in Dundee and studied music at the Monmouth School at Keble College in Oxford. He lives in Bedford.	Born in Dundee, Shawn Plumley was educated at Monmouth School and read music at Keble College, Oxford. He lives in Bedford.
4624	He defeated Quentin Gilbert and Pierre Roche, with Gilbert receiving the titles in WRC3 and JWRC not long ago.	He defeated Quentin Gilbert and Pierre Roche, with Gilbert receiving the titles in WRC3 and JWRC recently.	He defeated Quentin Gilbert and Benjamin Roche, with Gilbert receiving the titles in WRC3 and JWRC not long ago.
4642	Face of Evil is a 1996 TV movie starring Jeanelle Polk as Shawnee Smith, Perry King as Russell Polk and Darcy Palmer as his daughter Tracey Gold.	Face of Evil is a 1996 film directed by Jeanelle Polk, starring Shawnee Smith, Perry King, Russell Polk, and Darcy Palmer, his daughter Tracey Gold.	Face of Evil is a 1996 TV movie starring Jeanelle Polk as Shawnee Smith, Perry King as Russell Polk and Haley Palmer as his daughter Tracey Gold.
4643	Her works were widely printed in the photographic press and published in the 1950s in book form through the Swiss publisher La Guilde du Livre.	Her works were widely printed in the photographic press and published in book form by the Swiss publisher La Guilde du Livre in the 1950s.	Her works were widely printed in the photographic press and published in the 1950s in book form through the Swiss publisher Kelly Guilde du Livre.
4646	Paul Rosbaud and his brother Hans performed as children with their mother, who teached the piano.	Paul Rosbaud and his brother Hans performed as children with their mother, who taught the piano.	Paul Rosbaud and his brother Henry performed as children with their mother, who teached the piano.
4662	Under the reign of the latter, the newly recruited Abbey Marienberg was founded with monks from Ottobeuren.	Under the rule of the latter, the newly recruited monastery Marienberg was founded with monks from Ottobeuren.	Under the reign of the latter, the newly recruited Olivia Marienberg was founded with monks from Ottobeuren.
4663	The next day, Finn Malmgren was rescued, the corpse of Mariano and Zappi were not found.	The next day, Finn Malmgren was rescued, Mariano and Zappi's body was not found.	The next day, Gregory Malmgren was rescued, the corpse of Mariano and Zappi were not found.
4665	Mayer was the author of a provocative feature film for the New York Times entitled Live Composers, Dead Audiences.	Mayer was the author of a provocative feature film for the New York Times entitled Live Composers, Dead Audiences.	Matthew was the author of a provocative feature film for the New York Times entitled Live Composers, Dead Audiences.
4668	In 2013, Nicholas married Furiuele Julia, while Peter is married to Anna Barattin, both of whom are members of the band Shantih Shantih.	In 2013, Nicholas married Furiuele Julia, while Peter is married to Anna Barattin, who are both members of the band Shantih Shantih.	In 2013, Nicholas married Furiuele Julia, while Peter is married to Cynthia Barattin, both of whom are members of the band Shantih Shantih.
4669	Sportswriter and fellow player Wallace put Jimmy Smith on his 1909 All American Team. 	The sports writer and fellow player Wallace put Jimmy Smith in his 1909 All American Team.	Sportswriter and fellow player Donald put Jimmy Smith on his 1909 All American Team. 
4671	He was appointed by Robert W. Edgar as a member of the Council of the President's Common Cause.	He was appointed by Robert W. Edgar as a member of the Council of Presidents of Common Cause.	He was appointed by Ethan W. Edgar as a member of the Council of the President's Common Cause.
4679	The mountain was named after the French navy officer Jules de Blosseville, Comte de Rigny (1782 - 1835) by Marie Henri Daniel Gauthier.	The mountain was named after the French naval officer Jules de Blosseville, Comte de Rigny (1782 - 1835) by Marie Henri Daniel Gauthier.	The mountain was named after the French navy officer Jules Julian Blosseville, Comte Julian Rigny (1782 - 1835) by Marie Henri Daniel Gauthier.
4687	She also appears in, where a vision of Freddy and Jason causes her to meet with other Freddy survivors.	She also appears in, where a vision of Freddy and Jason prompts her to meet other Freddy survivors.	She also appears in, where a vision of Freddy and Donald causes her to meet with other Freddy survivors.
4689	In 1948, B & amp; H Publications produced through the camera in cooperation with Cousin Harold White George Bernard Shaw.	1948, B & amp; H publications produced by the camera in collaboration with Cousin Harold White George Bernard Shaw.	In 1948, B & amp; H Publications produced through the camera in cooperation with Cousin Harold White George Bernard Hunter.
4695	Hannah retired in March 1977, and died the following year.	Hannah retired in March 1977 and died the following year.	Shannon retired in March 1977, and died the following year.
4696	With the help of the bassist Pat Schick, keyboarder Guy Daniel and drummer Camus Celli, Ponti played guitars and keyboards on the album.	With the help of bassist Pat Schick, keyboardist Guy Daniel and drummer Camus Celli, Ponti played guitars and keyboards on the album.	With the help of the bassist Michael Schick, keyboarder Guy Daniel and drummer Camus Celli, Ponti played guitars and keyboards on the album.
4703	His father has called him Ali, and his nickname was Murtaza.	His father called him Ali and his nickname was Murtaza.	His father has called him Juan, and his nickname was Murtaza.
4704	Both traced the continuing influence on literary and cultural studies of the kinds of cultural materialism developed by Williams and his successors.	Both pursued the continued influence of the types of cultural materialism developed by Williams and his successors on literary and cultural studies.	Both traced the continuing influence on literary and cultural studies of the kinds of cultural materialism developed by Caleb and his successors.
4709	Is a short book by Virginia Cary Hudson, first published in 1962 with illustrations by Karla Kuskin.	Is a short book by Virginia Cary Hudson, published in 1962 with illustrations by Karla Kuskin.	Is a short book by Virginia Cary Hudson, first published in 1962 with illustrations by Ashley Kuskin.
4713	During this time, Cousin also played as a session musician on two songs by Mice, a band created by Regan that existed between 1995 and 1997.	During this time Cousin also played as a session musician on two songs by Mice, a band of Regan that existed between 1995 and 1997.	During this time, Cousin also played as a session musician on two songs by Mice, a band created by Patricia that existed between 1995 and 1997.
4721	In Jin Yong's Wuxia novel The Legend of Condor - Heroes Guo Sheng is the ancestor of the protagonist Guo Jing.	In Jin Yong's Wuxia novel The Legend of Condor Heroes, Guo Sheng is the ancestor of the protagonist Guo Jing.	In John Yong's Wuxia novel The Legend of Condor - Heroes Guo Sheng is the ancestor of the protagonist Guo Jing.
4722	On 14 February 1998, he retired as Bishop of Gibraltar and was replaced on 24 May of the same year by Bishop Charles Caruana.	He was appointed Bishop of Gibraltar on 24 February 1998 and was appointed Bishop of Gibraltar on 24 February 1998.	On 14 February 1998, he retired as Bishop of Gibraltar and was replaced on 24 May of the same year by Bishop Edward Caruana.
4726	In 1815, Ram Hill was known as Nutridge Hill and was connected to Westerleigh by the Broad Lane and Mays Hill by Frog Lane.	In 1815 Ram Hill was known as Nutridge Hill and connected by the Broad Lane and Mays Hill by Frog Lane to Westerleigh.	In 1815, James Hill was known as Nutridge Hill and was connected to Westerleigh by the Broad Lane and Mays Hill by Frog Lane.
4728	In 2014-15, Shapiro appeared in the role of Marc Maron's eccentric neighbor, Bernie, in the IFC comedy series Maron.	In 2014/15, Shapiro appeared in the role of Marc Maron's eccentric neighbor, Bernie, in the IFC comedy series Maron.	In 2014-15, Shapiro appeared in the role of Mark Maron's eccentric neighbor, Bernie, in the IFC comedy series Maron.
4747	Dr. Carter remains in Africa for several months and works in Kem's AIDS clinic.	Dr. Carter stays in Africa for several months and works in Kem's AIDS clinic.	Dr. Juan remains in Africa for several months and works in Kem's AIDS clinic.
4748	The mountain was named by Charles Gould in 1863 after geologist Charles Lyell, a supporter of Charles Darwin.	The mountain was named in 1863 by Charles Gould after the geologist Charles Lyell, a supporter of Charles Darwin.	The mountain was named by Anthony Gould in 1863 after geologist Anthony Lyell, a supporter of Anthony Darwin.
4758	Borsalino are the sculptures by Moritz Waldemeyer for Flos designed Chapeau Lamp (2014) and the sculpture The Hatband (2016) by Philippe Starck.	Borsalino are the sculptures designed by Moritz Waldemeyer for Flos Chapeau Lamp (2014) and the sculpture The Hatband (2016) by Philippe Starck.	Borsalino are the sculptures by Moritz Waldemeyer for Flos designed Chapeau Lamp (2014) and the sculpture The Hatband (2016) by Timothy Starck.
4765	His parents were William Halderman (1822-1866), a local businessman and Müller, and Anna Hostetter Halderman (1828-1919).	His parents were William Halderman (1822-1866), a local businessman and miller, and Anna Hostetter Halderman (1828-1919).	His parents were William Halderman (1822-1866), a local businessman and Müller, and Lauren Hostetter Halderman (1828-1919).
4773	Gabriel destroyed Weiss and his troops and attacked them on 14 October.	Gabriel destroyed Weiss and his troops and attacked them on October 14th.	Steven destroyed Weiss and his troops and attacked them on 14 October.
4776	It was produced by Penny Leicester, shortened by Heather Larmour, read with Peter Serafinowicz as the voice of the guide and Stephen Mangan.	It was produced by Penny Leicester, abbreviated by Heather Larmour, read with Peter Serafinowicz as the voice of the leader and Stephen Mangan.	It was produced by Katie Leicester, shortened by Heather Larmour, read with Peter Serafinowicz as the voice of the guide and Stephen Mangan.
4780	On 17 July 2006, López Obrador said in a radio interview with Miguel Ángel Granados Chapa about Radio UNAM:	On July 17, 2006, López Obrador said in a radio interview with Miguel Ángel Granados Chapa about Radio UNAM:	On 17 July 2006, López Obrador said in a radio interview with David Ángel Granados Chapa about Radio UNAM:
4782	Since the 19th century, artificial beings are common in fiction, as in Karel Čapek's Frankenstein or Mary Shelley's R.U.R.	Since the 19th century, artificial beings have been common in fiction, such as Karel Čapek's Frankenstein or Mary Shelley's R.U.R.	Since the 19th century, artificial beings are common in fiction, as in Karel Čapek's Frankenstein or Mary Brittany's R.U.R.
4791	James the Fat would never return to his native Scotland, he would remain in Ireland until his death, his widowed mother and sister remained in Scotland.	James the Fat would never return to his native Scotland, he would stay in Ireland until his death, his widowed mother and sister remained in Scotland.	Henry the Fat would never return to his native Scotland, he would remain in Ireland until his death, his widowed mother and sister remained in Scotland.
4804	From her former marriage, Katy Spencer had a daughter, Ann (a graduate of Texas Tech in 1962).	From her former marriage, Katy Spencer had a daughter, Ann (a graduate of Texas Tech in 1962).	From her former marriage, Katy Cody had a daughter, Ann (a graduate of Texas Tech in 1962).
4815	The title track was composed by V. Harikrishna and sung by Priya Hemesh with texts by Yugabharathi.	The title track was composed by V. Harikrishna and sung by Priya Hemesh with lyrics by Yugabharathi.	The title track was composed by V. Harikrishna and sung by Kimberly Hemesh with texts by Yugabharathi.
4817	Kathryn Lindskoog, an independent Lewis scholar, argued that Hooper's scholarship is not reliable and that he made false statements and attributed counterfeit works to Lewis.	Kathryn Lindskoog, an independent Lewis researcher, argued that Hooper's scholarship is not reliable and that he has false statements and attributed fake works to Lewis.	Elizabeth Lindskoog, an independent Lewis scholar, argued that Hooper's scholarship is not reliable and that he made false statements and attributed counterfeit works to Lewis.
4827	Archbishop Robert von Esztergom therefore placed the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict on 25 February 1232 and excommunicated some of the king's high dignitaries.	Archbishop Robert of Esztergom therefore placed the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict on 25 February 1232 and excommunicated some of the king's high dignitaries.	Archbishop Edward von Esztergom therefore placed the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict on 25 February 1232 and excommunicated some of the king's high dignitaries.
4835	John Ruskin called it the world's most precious Paul Veronese. Henry James wrote in 1882:	John Ruskin called it the most valuable Paul Veronese of the world. Henry James wrote in 1882:	Timothy Ruskin called it the world's most precious Paul Veronese. Henry James wrote in 1882:
4836	Eugène Pastré was the son of the shipowner Jean François Pastré (1758-1821) and his wife Eugénie Sabine Gautier (1776-1862).	Eugène Pastré was the son of the shipowner Jean François Pastré (1758-1821) and his wife Eugénie Sabine Gautier (1776-1862).	Eugène Pastré was the son of the shipowner Erin François Pastré (1758-1821) and his wife Eugénie Sabine Gautier (1776-1862).
4850	The Commission was first led by Spencer F. Baird, then by Marshall McDonald, George Brown Goode, and finally George Bowers.	The Commission was initially led by Spencer F. Baird, then Marshall McDonald, George Brown Goode and finally George Bowers.	The Commission was first led by Spencer F. Baird, then by Liam McDonald, George Brown Goode, and finally George Bowers.
4854	Other collaborators include Paul Cox, Alan Barnes, Dub Syndicate, Art Themen, Pee Wee Ellis, Little Axe and Gypie Mayo.	Other staff members are Paul Cox, Alan Barnes, Dub Syndicate, Art Topics, Pee Wee Ellis, Little Axe and Gypie Mayo.	Other collaborators include Paul Cox, Alan Barnes, Dub Syndicate, Art Themen, Pee Wee Ellis, Jack Axe and Gypie Mayo.
4883	In the comic - Thriller Edward Trencom's Nose by Giles Milton, several of Edward's ancestors, together with Byron, are poisoned.	In the comic - thriller Edward Trencom's Nose by Giles Milton, several of Edward's ancestors, along with Byron, are poisoned.	In the comic - Thriller Edward Trencom's Nose by Mark Milton, several of Edward's ancestors, together with Byron, are poisoned.
4891	It was directed by Randall Einhorn, his fourth episode of the season and twelfth in the series overall.	It was released by Randall Unicorn, his fourth episode of the season and twelfth overall in the series.	It was directed by John Einhorn, his fourth episode of the season and twelfth in the series overall.
4892	In 2012, Duncan appeared alongside Amanda Hale in Scrubber, a film by Romola Garai written and managed.	In 2012, Duncan appeared with Amanda Hale in Scrubber, a film written and managed by Romola Garai.	In 2012, Benjamin appeared alongside Amanda Hale in Scrubber, a film by Romola Garai written and managed.
4902	Robinson died off St. Salvador, and George Blakely took over command.	Robinson died of St. Salvador, and George Blakely took command.	Robinson died off St. Salvador, and George Diana took over command.
4903	The second season introduced Susan Glaspell and his play Bound East for Cardiff as well as Trifles by Eugene O ’ Neill.	In the second season, Susan Glaspell and his play Bound East for Cardiff as well as Trifles were presented by Eugene O-Neill.	The second season introduced Kayla Glaspell and his play Bound East for Cardiff as well as Trifles by Eugene O ’ Neill.
4907	Cherry Jones' character is the daughter of Elizabeth, played by Allison Janney, and not the daughter of Mary played by Katie Holmes.	Cherry Jones' character is the daughter of Elizabeth, played by Allison Janney, and not the daughter of Mary played by Katie Holmes.	Cherry Jones' character is the daughter of Elizabeth, played by Allison Courtney, and not the daughter of Mary played by Katie Holmes.
4912	The cast list indicates a first performance date after Taylor entered the company in the spring of 1619 and before the death of Tooley in June 1623.	The cast list gives a first performance date after Taylor joined the company in the spring of 1619 and before the death of Tooley in June 1623.	The cast list indicates a first performance date after Brianna entered the company in the spring of 1619 and before the death of Tooley in June 1623.
4926	LaFlare confronted Roan Carneiro on February 11, 2017 at UFC 208. He won the fight by unanimous decision.	LaFlare confronts Roan Carneiro on February 11, 2017 at UFC 208. He won the fight by unanimous decision.	LaFlare confronted Samuel Carneiro on February 11, 2017 at UFC 208. He won the fight by unanimous decision.
4943	It was also recorded by Guy Lombardo and His Royal Canadians Orchestra and the vocal group The Three Suns in the United States.	It was also recorded by Guy Lombardo and his Royal Canadiens Orchestra and the vocal group The Three Suns in the United States.	It was also recorded by Jose Lombardo and His Royal Canadians Orchestra and the vocal group The Three Suns in the United States.
4945	Besides Lena Olin, several other actresses have portrayed Irina in the course of the series:	In addition to Lena Olin, some other actresses have portrayed Irina during the series:	Besides Katie Olin, several other actresses have portrayed Irina in the course of the series:
4953	Two miles east of Newton it branches off and travels to the north through Oblong and then to Robinson.	Two miles east of Newton he branches off and travels north through Oblong and then to Robinson.	Two miles east of Newton it branches off and travels to the north through Oblong and then to David.
4956	In 2015, Kim was once again chosen for the Korean national team, and became the first man since 1985 twice to win the World Archery Championship.	In 2015, Kim was again selected for the Korean national team and was the first man to win the World Archery Championship twice since 1985.	In 2015, Anna was once again chosen for the Korean national team, and became the first man since 1985 twice to win the World Archery Championship.
4966	He came to AS Trenčín together with his teammate Haris Hajradinović from the Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić in the summer of 2013.	In the summer of 2013, he joined AS Trenčín together with his teammate Haris Hajradinović from the Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić.	He came to AS Trenčín together with his teammate Connor Hajradinović from the Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić in the summer of 2013.
4970	Here were two other sons born: Fred in 1882 and Louis in 1884.	Two other sons were born here: Fred in 1882 and Louis in 1884.	Here were two other sons born: Fred in 1882 and Richard in 1884.
4971	Nikolaus Friedrich von Thouret (born June 2, 1767 in Stuttgart, Germany, died 17 January 1845 in Ludwigsburg).	Nikolaus Friedrich von Thouret (born 2 June 1767 in Stuttgart, Germany, died 17 January 1845 in Ludwigsburg).	Ryan Friedrich von Thouret (born June 2, 1767 in Stuttgart, Germany, died 17 January 1845 in Ludwigsburg).
4973	Peter knows Brewster, who was a friend of Pete's father.	Peter knows Brewster, who was a friend of Pete's father.	Peter knows Brewster, who was a friend of Pete's father.
4978	Sebastián Decoud and Cristian Villagrán won the title by defeats against Nicolás Lapentti and Eduardo Schwank with 6 - 4, 6 - 0 in the final.	Sebastián Decoud and Cristian Villagrán won the title by defeating Nicolás Lapentti and Eduardo Schwank with 6 - 4, 6 - 0 in the final.	Sebastián Decoud and Cristian Villagrán won the title by defeats against Nicolás Lapentti and Dustin Schwank with 6 - 4, 6 - 0 in the final.
4988	Sabate has also translated the biography of Francisco Sabate Llopart, Christie: An extraordinary guerrilla, by Antonio Téllez Solá in English.	Sabate has also translated the biography of Francisco Sabate Llopart, Christie: An extraordinary guerrilla, by Antonio Téllez Solá in English.	Sabate has also translated the biography of Francisco Sabate Llopart, Christie: An extraordinary guerrilla, by Mason Téllez Solá in English.
4992	A wealthy doctor's rich and spoiled son, Johnnie Penrose joins a gang of car thieves in France after being denied a car by his father.	A rich doctor is rich and spoiled son, Johnnie Penrose enters a gang of car thieves in France after he denied a car from his father.	A wealthy doctor's rich and spoiled son, Andrew Penrose joins a gang of car thieves in France after being denied a car by his father.
4994	In one of his works (epic poem on Skanderbeg), Nikola Jurišić was a subordinate topic.	In one of his works (epical poem about Skanderbeg), Nikola Jurisić was a subordinate subject.	In one of his works (epic poem on Skanderbeg), Scott Jurišić was a subordinate topic.
4995	As assistant to Nicolaier in Göttingen, Carl Flügge discovered the bacterium Clostridium tetani, which causes Tetanus in 1884.	As an assistant to Nicolaier in Göttingen, Carl Flügge discovered the Clostridium tetani bacterium, which caused Tetanus in 1884.	As assistant to Nicolaier in Göttingen, Thomas Flügge discovered the bacterium Clostridium tetani, which causes Tetanus in 1884.
5018	In November 1888, Laura Clay invited Lucy Stone to present a paper at the AWSA convention in Cincinnati.	In November 1888, Laura Clay invited Lucy Stone to present a paper at the AWSA Congress in Cincinnati.	In November 1888, Laura Bryan invited Lucy Stone to present a paper at the AWSA convention in Cincinnati.
5027	In 1951, Avon Publications released a comic film in Rocket to the Moon by Joe Orlando (script) and Walter Gibson (art).	In 1951, Avon Publications published a comic film in Rocket to the Moon by Joe Orlando (screenplay) and Walter Gibson (art).	In 1951, Avon Publications released a comic film in Rocket to the Moon by Benjamin Orlando (script) and Walter Gibson (art).
5033	Aditya is carried to a magical island where he helps the tiny locals defeat the giant Jhamunda.	Aditya is carried to a magical island where he helps the small locals defeat the giant Jhamunda.	Andrew is carried to a magical island where he helps the tiny locals defeat the giant Jhamunda.
5037	Ania K, Marcela and Marta are best praised for having portrayed their theme most effectively.	Ania K, Marcela and Marta are best praised for presenting their subject most effectively.	Ania K, Emma and Marta are best praised for having portrayed their theme most effectively.
5043	The district was created in 1966 from parts of Hastings South, Hastings - Frontenac, Northumberland and Prince Edward - Lennox Ridings.	The district was founded in 1966 from parts of Hastings South, Hastings - Frontenac, Northumberland and Prince Edward - Lennox Ridings.	The district was created in 1966 from parts of Hastings South, Hastings - Frontenac, Northumberland and Ian Edward - Lennox Ridings.
5047	On 30 June, St. Augustine Governor Farris Bryant announced the creation of a biracial committee to restore interracial communications in Florida.	On June 20, the governor of St. Augustine, Farris Bryant, announced the establishment of a Biraconian Committee to restore communication in Florida.	On 30 June, St. Augustine Governor Christian Bryant announced the creation of a biracial committee to restore interracial communications in Florida.
5053	Among the tenants are the 21st Governor-General of Australia, Bill Hayden, Senator Ron Boswell, and the Commonwealth Parliament of Australia.	Tenants include the 21st Governor General of Australia, Bill Hayden, Senator Ron Boswell and the Commonwealth Parliament of Australia.	Among the tenants are the 21st Governor-General of Australia, Bill Hayden, Senator Noah Boswell, and the Commonwealth Parliament of Australia.
5058	In the new group, Guy Watson, Love Song, drums and Ernie Earnshaw on the bass took over.	In the new group, Guy Watson, Love Song, Drums and Ernie Earnshaw took over the bass.	In the new group, Guy Dylan, Love Song, drums and Ernie Earnshaw on the bass took over.
5060	Cartwright was born on 14 March 1981 in Erdington, West Midlands. He has an older brother, Che Cartwright, who is also an actor.	Cartwright was born on March 14, 1981 in Erdington, West Midlands. He has an older brother, Che Cartwright, who is also an actor.	Cartwright was born on 14 March 1981 in Erdington, West Midlands. He has an older brother, Christian Cartwright, who is also an actor.
5061	The band split shortly after and reformed as a trio with Lucy and Brothers Joel Green (drums, vocals) and Matt Green (guitar) in 1987.	The band split shortly afterwards and reformed in 1987 as a trio with Lucy and Brothers Joel Green (drums, vocals) and Matt Green (guitar).	The band split shortly after and reformed as a trio with Lucy and Brothers Joel Green (drums, vocals) and Shawn Green (guitar) in 1987.
5064	Philip Norman, the Beatles ’ biographer, wrote that Charles Sutcliffe was a strong drinker and physically cruel to his wife, which the young Sutcliffe had observed.	Philip Norman, the Beatles biographer, wrote that Charles Sutcliffe was a strong drinker and physically cruel to his wife, whom young Sutcliffe had observed.	Philip Jordan, the Beatles ’ biographer, wrote that Charles Sutcliffe was a strong drinker and physically cruel to his wife, which the young Sutcliffe had observed.
5083	Jonas Björkman and Todd Woodbridge won against Wayne Black and Kevin Ullyett at 6: 3, 6: 4 in the final.	Jonas Björkman and Todd Woodbridge won against Wayne Black and Kevin Ullyett in the final with 6:3, 6:4.	Jonas Björkman and Todd Woodbridge won against George Black and Kevin Ullyett at 6: 3, 6: 4 in the final.
5088	He currently lives with his partner Randi in Odda and has three children, Lothe, Ida and Vetle, from a previous relationship.	He currently lives with his partner Randi in Odda and has three children, Lothe, Ida and Vetle, from an earlier relationship.	He currently lives with his partner Randi in Odda and has three children, Lothe, Crystal and Vetle, from a previous relationship.
5100	If Tomin is told by a prior to kill them, he refuses, and Mitchell kills the prior, whose powers were blocked by the anti-prior device.	When Tomin is told by an ancestor to kill her, he refuses, and Mitchell kills the ancestor whose powers were blocked by the anti-prior device.	If Tomin is told by a prior to kill them, he refuses, and Patrick kills the prior, whose powers were blocked by the anti-prior device.
5102	Elliott Gould was not exactly my idea of Philip Marlowe, but however, we were there.	Elliott Gould wasn't exactly my idea of Philip Marlowe, but we were there.	Elliott Gould was not exactly my idea of Philip Alicia, but however, we were there.
5111	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the Magnum Opus of the Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley, written together with Salim Ali.	The handbook of the birds of India and Pakistan is the Magnum Opus of the Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley, which was written together with Salim Ali.	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the Magnum Opus of the Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Jennifer, written together with Salim Ali.
5138	A complete edition was published 1862 - 1864 in Edinburgh, in seven volumes, by James Nichol, with a biographical memoir by Alexander Grosart.	A complete edition was published in 1862 - 1864 in Edinburgh, in seven volumes, by James Nichol, with a biographical memoir by Alexander Grosart.	A complete edition was published 1862 - 1864 in Edinburgh, in seven volumes, by James Nichol, with a biographical memoir by Nicholas Grosart.
5141	Cooper was born in Long Beach, California, and lived all his life in Los Angeles, California.	Cooper was born in Long Beach, California, and lived his entire life in Los Angeles, California.	Jonathan was born in Long Beach, California, and lived all his life in Los Angeles, California.
5142	In Mudge Map 1815, Ram Hill was known as Nutridge Hill, and was connected to Broad Lane by Westerleigh with Mays Hill and by Frog Lane.	In Mudge Map 1815, Ram Hill was known as Nutridge Hill, and was connected to Broad Lane by Westerleigh with Mays Hill and Frog Lane.	In Mudge Map 1815, Joshua Hill was known as Nutridge Hill, and was connected to Broad Lane by Westerleigh with Mays Hill and by Frog Lane.
5144	Here were two other sons born: Fred in 1882 and Louis in 1884.	Two other sons were born here: Fred in 1882 and Louis in 1884.	Here were two other sons born: Fred in 1882 and Travis in 1884.
5145	She finds new creative hope and friendship in Enzo, the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new heights.	She finds new creative hope and friendship in Enzo, the substitute guitarist who inspires her to reach new heights.	She finds new creative hope and friendship in Andrew, the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new heights.
5148	Debbie Posner is the Hebrew and Jewish Studies Teacher and Program, and Debbi Benn is the Coordinator of Primary School Hebrew and Jewish Studies.	Debbie Posner is the Teacher and Program for Hebrew and Jewish Studies, and Debbi Benn is the Coordinator of Hebrew and Jewish Studies at Primary School.	Shannon Posner is the Hebrew and Jewish Studies Teacher and Program, and Debbi Benn is the Coordinator of Primary School Hebrew and Jewish Studies.
5152	Jassie Gift is the music director and Krishna Kumar is the cameraman of the film.	Jassie Gift is the music director and Krishna Kumar the cinematographer of the film.	Jassie Gift is the music director and Tyler Kumar is the cameraman of the film.
5158	However, Serena decides to keep this truth for a little longer from Dan.	Serena, however, decides to keep this truth away from Dan a little longer.	However, Serena decides to keep this truth for a little longer from Christopher.
5162	Suman Chatterjee recorded several albums between 1992 and 1999 under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Kabir Suman.	Suman Chatterjee recorded several albums between 1992 and 1999 under the name Suman Chattopaddhyay or Kabir Suman.	Suman Chatterjee recorded several albums between 1992 and 1999 under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Patrick Suman.
5164	Sharon Northe has been Head of the Group since 2003, and since 2017 Heather Weaver has been President.	Sharon Northe has been head of the group since 2003 and has been President of Heather Weaver since 2017.	Erin Northe has been Head of the Group since 2003, and since 2017 Heather Weaver has been President.
5166	He has a son (born 2000) from a previous relationship with TV presenter Angela Gessmann. In July 2011 Lanz married Birgit Schrowange.	He has a son (born 2000) from a previous relationship with TV presenter Angela Gessmann. In July 2011 Lanz married Birgit Schrowange.	He has a son (born 2000) from a previous relationship with TV presenter Tara Gessmann. In July 2011 Lanz married Birgit Schrowange.
5173	Mir Jafar, Commander of Alivardi, freed Syed Ahmed and his family.	Me Jafar, commander of Alivardi, liberated Syed Ahmed and his family.	Mir Jafar, Commander of Alivardi, freed Thomas Ahmed and his family.
5179	It has a legendary 1814 shoot on fresh artists from Johnny Cash, Ring of Fire to UB40, picture on the wall.	It has a legendary shoot from 1814 on fresh artists of Johnny Cash, Ring of Fire to UB40, picture on the wall.	It has a legendary 1814 shoot on fresh artists from Tyler Cash, Ring of Fire to UB40, picture on the wall.
5181	Connolly's final concert was at the Bristol Hippodrome on 5 December 1996, with Slade II and John Rossall's Glitter Band Experience.	Connolly's last concert was on December 5, 1996 at the Bristol Hippodrome with Slade II and John Rossall's Glitter Band Experience.	Connolly's final concert was at the Bristol Hippodrome on 5 December 1996, with Patrick II and John Rossall's Glitter Band Experience.
5189	Hugh was father of Walter Giffard, the Archbishop of York and Chancellor of England.	Hugh was the father of Walter Giffard, Archbishop of York and Chancellor of England.	Hugh was father of Daniel Giffard, the Archbishop of York and Chancellor of England.
5192	The soundtrack was composed by the musician Wajahat Attre, with lyrics by Hazin Qadri and sung by Noor Jehan, and Mehnaz.	The soundtrack was composed by the musician Wajahat Attre, with texts by Hazin Qadri and sung by Noor Jehan and Mehnaz.	The soundtrack was composed by the musician Wajahat Attre, with lyrics by Hazin Qadri and sung by Jacqueline Jehan, and Mehnaz.
5197	David Stillman is the Head Sales Trainer at Vorsight and Steve Richard is President and CEO of the company.	David Stillman is Head Sales Trainer at Vorsight and Steve Richard is President and CEO of the company.	David Stillman is the Head Sales Trainer at Vorsight and Patrick Richard is President and CEO of the company.
5202	Felipe Francisco Molina y Bedoya was a diplomat born in Guatemala from Costa Rica, the Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Central America.	Felipe Francisco Molina y Bedoya was a Guatemalan-born diplomat from Costa Rica, the Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Central America.	Felipe Joseph Molina y Bedoya was a diplomat born in Guatemala from Costa Rica, the Chancellor of the Federal Republic of Central America.
5207	Hardie became Secretary of the Party, while Cunninghame Graham was the first treasurer and George Mitchell was the president.	Hardie became the party's secretary, while Cunninghame Graham was the first treasurer and George Mitchell was the president.	Hardie became Secretary of the Party, while Cunninghame Graham was the first treasurer and Luke Mitchell was the president.
5215	In 1989, Roxus supported Australian bands Poison and Bon Jovi on their international tours.	In 1989, Roxus supported the Australian bands Poison and Bon Jovi on their international tours.	In 1989, Roxus supported Australian bands Poison and Bon April on their international tours.
5216	Guitar played Gordon, Danny Kortchmar Bass and Lou Adler drums producing with Charles Larkey.	Guitar played Gordon, Danny Kortchmar Bass and Lou Adler drums production with Charles Larkey.	Guitar played Gordon, Luis Kortchmar Bass and Lou Adler drums producing with Charles Larkey.
5218	Herbert Hepburn Calvert was born in London on December 30, 1870, and was the first son of the journalist Thomas Calvert and his wife Grace (near Hepburn).	Herbert Hepburn Calvert was born in London on 30 December 1870 and was the first son of journalist Thomas Calvert and his wife Grace (near Hepburn).	Herbert Hepburn Calvert was born in London on December 30, 1870, and was the first son of the journalist Donald Calvert and his wife Grace (near Hepburn).
5224	A tribute to Frank Sinatra: the US - American actor Seth MacFarlane was the lead singer with Jamie Parker and Claire Martin.	A tribute to Frank Sinatra: American actor Seth MacFarlane was the lead singer with Jamie Parker and Claire Martin.	A tribute to Frank Sinatra: the US - American actor Seth MacFarlane was the lead singer with Monica Parker and Claire Martin.
5227	After working for the investigation for four years, Dash resigned to protest Starr's appearance before the United States House Committee on the Judiciary.	After working for the investigation for four years, Dash resigned to protest Starr's appearance in front of the United States House Committee on the Judiciary.	After working for the investigation for four years, Dash resigned to protest Erin's appearance before the United States House Committee on the Judiciary.
5234	Rasmus Seebach has written songs for Nik'Jay, Burhan G and Lars Ankerstjerne as songwriters.	Rasmus Seebach has written songs for Nik'Jay, Burhan G and Lars Ankerstjerne as a songwriter.	Rasmus Seebach has written songs for Nik'Jay, Burhan G and Charles Ankerstjerne as songwriters.
5238	He married Agnes Theodora Walther, the daughter of Vagn Petersson, in 1881 and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vilhelm Theodor Walther.	He married Agnes Theodora Walther in 1881, the daughter of Vagn Petersson, and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vilhelm Theodor Walther.	He married Agnes Theodora Walther, the daughter of Vagn Petersson, in 1881 and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vilhelm Daniel Walther.
5248	Adam Helmer died on April 9, 1830, in the town of Brutus in Cayuga County, New York.	Adam Helmer died on April 9, 1830 in Brutus City, Cayuga County, New York.	Matthew Helmer died on April 9, 1830, in the town of Brutus in Cayuga County, New York.
5249	Hamilton is widely regarded as the greatest driver of his generation and often considered one of the best formula - 1 - drivers in the history of sports.	Hamilton is widely regarded as the largest driver of his generation and is often considered one of the best Formula 1 drivers in the history of sports.	David is widely regarded as the greatest driver of his generation and often considered one of the best formula - 1 - drivers in the history of sports.
5250	Louisa Barnett married Lorenzo Giuntini in Frome, Somerset on September 11, 1866 and got 8 children.	Louisa Barnett married Lorenzo Giuntini in Frome, Somerset on September 11, 1866 and had 8 children.	Michelle Barnett married Lorenzo Giuntini in Frome, Somerset on September 11, 1866 and got 8 children.
5252	The theme music was composed by Ronnie Hazlehurst and Hugh Wisdom, conducted by Gaynor Colbourn and arranged by Gaynor Colbourn.	The theme music was composed by Ronnie Hazlehurst and Hugh Wisdom, conducted by Gaynor Colourn and arranged by Gaynor Colourn.	The theme music was composed by Ronnie Hazlehurst and Hugh Katie, conducted by Gaynor Colbourn and arranged by Gaynor Colbourn.
5254	Peter declares that Jesus is the Christ, the Anointed One.	Peter explains that Jesus is the Christ, the anointed one.	Carlos declares that Jesus is the Christ, the Anointed One.
5257	Philpott played Norman Nesbitt, a geeky man who believes he has been contacted by UFOs.	Philpott played Norman Nesbitt, a geeky man who believes he was contacted by UFOs.	Philpott played Adam Nesbitt, a geeky man who believes he has been contacted by UFOs.
5258	Juan Colomer publishes his works on Editions BIM of Switzerland, Editorial Piles, Tritó and Rivera editores in Spain.	Juan Colomer publishes his works on the editions BIM in Switzerland, Editorial Piles, Tritó and Rivera in Spain.	Robert Colomer publishes his works on Editions BIM of Switzerland, Editorial Piles, Tritó and Rivera editores in Spain.
5261	Lars Rosing plays the protagonist Malik in Greenland's first international feature film Nuummioq. Lars Rosing lives near Montreal in Canada.	Lars Rosing plays the protagonist Malik in Greenland's first international feature film Nuummioq. Lars Rosing lives near Montreal in Canada.	Andrew Rosing plays the protagonist Malik in Greenland's first international feature film Nuummioq. Andrew Rosing lives near Montreal in Canada.
5264	The current 16th Street Clubhouse was built under the direction of George D. Widener by the architect Horace Trumbauer.	The current clubhouse on 16th Street was built under the direction of George D. Widener by the architect Horace Trumbauer.	The current 16th Street Clubhouse was built under the direction of Adrian D. Widener by the architect Horace Trumbauer.
5276	The author Christopher Hitchens expressed his admiration for Jessica Mitford and praised Hons and Rebels.	Author Christopher Hitchens expressed his admiration for Jessica Mitford and praised Hons and Rebels.	The author Christopher Hitchens expressed his admiration for Isabella Mitford and praised Hons and Rebels.
5277	Juan Colomer publishes his works with Editions BIM of Spain, Editorial Piles, Tritó and Rivera editores in Switzerland.	Juan Colomer publishes his works with the editions BIM of Spain, Editorial Piles, Tritó and Rivera in Switzerland.	Eric Colomer publishes his works with Editions BIM of Spain, Editorial Piles, Tritó and Rivera editores in Switzerland.
5282	Four ships of the United States Navy have been named Nicholas Biddle, in honor of Captain Biddle.	Four ships of the United States Navy were named Nicholas Biddle in honor of Captain Biddle.	Four ships of the United States Navy have been named Eric Biddle, in honor of Captain Biddle.
5287	On October 7, 2009, David Caplan was named Minister of Health and Long-Term Care to replace Matthews.	In October 2009, David Caplan was appointed Minister of Health and Long-Term Care to replace Matthews.	On October 7, 2009, Christian Caplan was named Minister of Health and Long-Term Care to replace Matthews.
5293	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a battle in Kabul in 1995, Khadr visited him in Peshawar hospital.	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a battle in Kabul in 1995, Khadr visited him at Peshawar Hospital.	When Jayden Elzahabi was injured in a battle in Kabul in 1995, Khadr visited him in Peshawar hospital.
5295	 Chuck Versus the Wedding Planner was directed by Anton Cropper and is written by Rafe Judkins and Lauren LeFranc.	 Chuck Versus the Wedding Planner was directed by Anton Cropper and written by Rafe Judkins and Lauren LeFranc.	 Chuck Versus the Wedding Planner was directed by Thomas Cropper and is written by Rafe Judkins and Lauren LeFranc.
5310	Paul Cirja # 7 passed 2 TD scramble and also scored 2 TD one to Florin Oltean # 85 and one to Dan Crasnic # 93.	Paul Cirja #7 handed over 2 TD Scramble and also scored 2 TD one to Florin Oltean # 85 and one to Dan Crasnic # 93.	Paul Cirja # 7 passed 2 TD scramble and also scored 2 TD one to Florin Oltean # 85 and one to Zachary Crasnic # 93.
5312	Charles Sutcliffe, the Beatles' biographer, wrote that Philip Norman was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife, which was observed by the young Sutcliffe.	Charles Sutcliffe, the biographer of the Beatles, wrote that Philip Norman was a strong drinker and physically cruel to his wife, who was observed by young Sutcliffe.	Nathaniel Sutcliffe, the Beatles' biographer, wrote that Philip Norman was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife, which was observed by the young Sutcliffe.
5323	Some remarkable performers to have shows at Echoplex include The Mars Volta, Beck, NIN, Lorde, the Rolling Stones and Thom Yorke.	Some notable artists who have appeared in Echoplex shows include The Mars Volta, Beck, NIN, Lorde, the Rolling Stones and Thom Yorke.	Some remarkable performers to have shows at Echoplex include The Mars Volta, Mason, NIN, Lorde, the Rolling Stones and Thom Yorke.
5325	Dan Ali was confirmed as a Cabinet Minister by the Nigerian Senate in October 2015 and was appointed Minister of Defence by President Muhammadu Buhari in November 2015.	In October 2015, Dan Ali was confirmed by the Nigerian Senate as Minister of Cabinet and appointed Minister of Defence by President Muhammadu Buhari in November 2015.	Dan Bradley was confirmed as a Cabinet Minister by the Nigerian Senate in October 2015 and was appointed Minister of Defence by President Muhammadu Buhari in November 2015.
5328	The next day after Constantine left, Ashley visits Ryan P. to discuss their feelings.	The next day, after Constantine left, Ashley visits Ryan P. to talk about her feelings.	The next day after Constantine left, Ashley visits Robert P. to discuss their feelings.
5329	On 18 January, a caucus of 64 Bucktail legislators nominated US Vice President Benjamin Mooers for the Governor and State Senator Daniel D. Tompkins for Vice Governor.	On 1 January, a caucus of 64 Bucktail legislators nominated US Vice President Benjamin Mooers for Governor and State Senator Daniel D. Tompkins for the Lieutenant Governor.	On 18 January, a caucus of 64 Bucktail legislators nominated US Vice President Dylan Mooers for the Governor and State Senator Daniel D. Tompkins for Vice Governor.
5341	Coxeter defines anti-unitary groups with other constructions, for example these three. The first was discovered and drawn by Peter McMullen in 1966.	Coxeter defines anti-uniform groups with other constructions, for example these three. The first was discovered and drawn by Peter McMullen in 1966.	Coxeter defines anti-unitary groups with other constructions, for example these three. The first was discovered and drawn by Nathaniel McMullen in 1966.
5344	A book by Scott Hallsworth, The Japanese Foie Gras Project was published in 2007, and contains a forward by Nobuyuki Matsuhisa.	A book by Scott Hallsworth, The Japanese Foie Gras Project was published in 2007 and contains a preface by Nobuyuki Matsuhisa.	A book by Gabriel Hallsworth, The Japanese Foie Gras Project was published in 2007, and contains a forward by Nobuyuki Matsuhisa.
5345	Pat takes Roy on a tour of Paris and they visit the landmarks below.	Pat takes Roy on a tour of Paris and they visit the sights below.	Kyle takes Roy on a tour of Paris and they visit the landmarks below.
5350	The novel was read by Kirsty Williams as BBC - Radio - 4 - Bedtime Book, adapted by Toby Stephens and produced by Lu Kemp.	The novel was read by Kirsty Williams as a BBC Radio - 4 Bedtime Book, adapted by Toby Stephens and produced by Lu Kemp.	The novel was read by Kirsty Williams as BBC - Radio - 4 - Bedtime Book, adapted by Lucas Stephens and produced by Lu Kemp.
5365	Mimi Sodré was a student at the Naval Academy after reading a book by Baden Powell, called Scouting for Boys, when he was interested in scouting.	Mimi Sodré was a student at the Marine Academy after reading a book by Baden Powell, called Scouting for Boys, when he was interested in scouting.	Leah Sodré was a student at the Naval Academy after reading a book by Baden Powell, called Scouting for Boys, when he was interested in scouting.
5367	In 1963 I met Felix Cavaliere (a pickup singer on the local R'B circuit) and Eddie Brigati (a classically trained pianist).	In 1963 I met Felix Cavaliere (a pickup singer on the local R'B circuit) and Eddie Brigati (a classically trained pianist).	In 1963 I met Felix Cavaliere (a pickup singer on the local R'B circuit) and Stephen Brigati (a classically trained pianist).
5368	(Published by Marysia Lewandowska and Laurel Ptak) are recent publications, edited by Tensta konsthall together with Sternberg Press, Berlin.	(Edited by Marysia Lewandowska and Laurel Ptak) are current publications, edited by Tensta konsthall together with Sternberg Press, Berlin.	(Published by Marysia Lewandowska and Cynthia Ptak) are recent publications, edited by Tensta konsthall together with Sternberg Press, Berlin.
5370	Andy Pettitte opened the top of the fifth inning with a double and scored on a single to center field by Nick Swisher.	Andy Pettitte opened the top of the fifth inning with a double and scored on a single midfield by Nick Swisher.	Andy Pettitte opened the top of the fifth inning with a double and scored on a single to center field by Luke Swisher.
5374	Towradgi is located at Pioneer Rd, North Dalton Park, in the northern suburbs of Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia.	Towradgi is located in Pioneer Rd, North Dalton Park, in the northern suburbs of Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia.	Towradgi is located at Pioneer Rd, North Dustin Park, in the northern suburbs of Wollongong, New South Wales, Australia.
5377	He also asked Krishna Reddy to come from Chennai to Hyderabad to help him in the shop.	He also asked Krishna Reddy to come from Chennai to Hyderabad to help him in the store.	He also asked Liam Reddy to come from Chennai to Hyderabad to help him in the shop.
5379	It was designed by Philip Oliver Ellard Hawkes and produced by local monumental masonry firm Frederick William Webb.	It was designed by Philip Oliver Ellard Hawkes and produced by the local monumental masonry company Frederick William Webb.	It was designed by Philip Oliver Ellard Hawkes and produced by local monumental masonry firm Frederick James Webb.
5382	Joe was born on 27 March 1929 in Quincy, Massachusetts and grew up in Somerville, Massachusetts.	Joe was born on March 27, 1929 in Quincy, Massachusetts, and grew up in Somerville, Massachusetts.	Jeffrey was born on 27 March 1929 in Quincy, Massachusetts and grew up in Somerville, Massachusetts.
5383	Sir Roger Martyn (or Martin) was a mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567; he was also Sheriff of London in 1559.	Sir Roger Martyn (or Martin) was a mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567; he was also sheriff of London in 1559.	Sir Cody Martyn (or Martin) was a mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567; he was also Sheriff of London in 1559.
5391	Since 2003, Sharon Northe has been the head of the group, since 2017 Heather Weaver has been President.	Sharon Northe has been head of the group since 2003, and Heather Weaver has been president since 2017.	Since 2003, Melanie Northe has been the head of the group, since 2017 Heather Weaver has been President.
5395	Nora Navarro was born as the second of six children of the physician Winifredo Santos and María Rosario Santos y Navarro.	Nora Navarro was born the second of six children of the physician Winifredo Santos and María Rosario Santos y Navarro.	Jessica Navarro was born as the second of six children of the physician Winifredo Santos and María Rosario Santos y Navarro.
5398	A. J. Timlin put up the first store, which was run by T. J. Smith for many years.	A. J. Timlin set up the first store, which was operated by T. J. Smith for many years.	A. J. Timlin put up the first store, which was run by T. J. Joseph for many years.
5401	Wenlock Modern School opened in 1953 on the famous site of the original Olympic Games. It later was renamed William Brookes School.	The Wenlock Modern School was opened in 1953 at the famous site of the original Olympic Games and later renamed William Brookes School.	Wenlock Modern School opened in 1953 on the famous site of the original Olympic Games. It later was renamed Donald Brookes School.
5416	Alan has even tried to be friends with Judith; however, it was extremely difficult for him to be happy for the woman who ruined his life.	Alan even tried to be friends with Judith, but it was extremely difficult for him to be happy for the woman who ruined his life.	Alan has even tried to be friends with Elizabeth; however, it was extremely difficult for him to be happy for the woman who ruined his life.
5417	Pratt left Vickers in 1912 to work for J. Samuel White at Cowes.	In 1912 Pratt left Vickers to work for J. Samuel White at Cowes.	Pratt left Vickers in 1912 to work for J. Timothy White at Cowes.
5420	According to the 1885 Dictionary of National Biography, Leland is assigned by Ralph Acton and his followers to the first half of the fourteenth century.	According to the dictionary of the National Biography of 1885, Leland was used by Ralph Acton and his followers until the first half of the fourteenth century.	According to the 1885 Dictionary of National Biography, Leland is assigned by Christian Acton and his followers to the first half of the fourteenth century.
5423	Between 1865 and 1876, Jones spent a large part of his time in New York while retaining Baltimore as his residency.	Between 1865 and 1876, Jones spent much of his time in New York while holding Baltimore as his residence.	Between 1865 and 1876, Henry spent a large part of his time in New York while retaining Baltimore as his residency.
5430	Lars Rosing is playing the protagonist Malik in Greenland's first international feature film Nuummioq, Lars Rosing lives near Montreal in Canada.	Lars Rosing plays the protagonist Malik in Greenland's first international feature film Nuummioq, Lars Rosing lives near Montreal in Canada.	Aaron Rosing is playing the protagonist Malik in Greenland's first international feature film Nuummioq, Aaron Rosing lives near Montreal in Canada.
5439	Elizabeth Gordon was the daughter of Adam de Gordon, Lord of Gordon and Elizabeth Keith, daughter of William Keith, Marishal of Scotland.	Elizabeth Gordon was the daughter of Adam de Gordon, Lord of Gordon, and Elizabeth Keith, daughter of William Keith, Marishal of Scotland.	Elizabeth Gordon was the daughter of Adam de Gordon, Lord of Gordon and Elizabeth Anthony, daughter of William Anthony, Marishal of Scotland.
5447	For some time, Miller Miller was raised in the mountains of Tijuana, Mexico, before settling in Santa Barbara, California.	Miller Miller grew up in the mountains of Tijuana, Mexico, for some time before settling in Santa Barbara, California.	For some time, Liam Liam was raised in the mountains of Tijuana, Mexico, before settling in Santa Barbara, California.
5448	The author Jessica Mitford expressed her admiration for Christopher Hitchens and praised Hons and Rebels.	The author Jessica Mitford expressed her admiration for Christopher Hitchens and praised Hons and Rebels. 	The author Jacqueline Mitford expressed her admiration for Christopher Hitchens and praised Hons and Rebels.
5449	Djokovic has combined more ATP points than Roger Federer No. 2 and Andy Murray no.	Djokovic has more ATP points than Roger Federer No. 2 and Andy Murray No.	Djokovic has combined more ATP points than Thomas Federer No. 2 and Andy Murray no.
5453	Jonathan Dakers met Edie Martyn as a child (Beatrice Campbell).	Jonathan Dakers met Edie Martyn as a child (Beatrice Campbell).	Connor Dakers met Edie Martyn as a child (Beatrice Campbell).
5454	It is well known as the place where Friedrich Schiller worked on the second act of Don Carlos and wrote his first edition of the famous Ode to Joy.	It is known as the place where Friedrich Schiller worked on the second act of Don Carlos and wrote his first edition of the famous Ode to Joy.	It is well known as the place where Friedrich Schiller worked on the second act of Don Peter and wrote his first edition of the famous Ode to Joy.
5456	It was directed by an Australian, Ed Devereaux, with many Australians in the cast including Alan Burke.	The film was directed by an Australian, Ed Devereaux, with many Australians in the cast, including Alan Burke.	It was directed by an Australian, Juan Devereaux, with many Australians in the cast including Alan Burke.
5460	Harry, the brother of Ted Cordner, and his cousins Alan Cordner and Larry Cordner also played Senior VFL Football.	Harry, the brother of Ted Cfolder, and his cousins Alan Cfolder and Larry Cfolder also played Senior VFL Football.	Harry, the brother of Caleb Cordner, and his cousins Alan Cordner and Larry Cordner also played Senior VFL Football.
5461	Walter Gropius was the great-uncle of architect and Bauhaus founder Martin Gropius.	Walter Gropius was the great uncle of the architect and Bauhaus founder Martin Gropius.	Walter Gropius was the great-uncle of architect and Bauhaus founder Jayden Gropius.
5462	In September 2015, Morimoto opened the Pan-Asian restaurant Morimoto Asia at Walt Disney World in Disney Springs in Florida.	In September 2015, Morimoto opened the Panasian restaurant Morimoto Asia at Walt Disney World in Disney Springs, Florida.	In September 2015, Morimoto opened the Pan-Asian restaurant Morimoto Ashley at Walt Disney World in Disney Springs in Florida.
5463	The manuscript was bought in 1819, by Edward Everett from America to Constantinople, along with six other manuscripts (Lectionary 296, Lectionary 297, Lectionary 298).	The manuscript was bought in 1819 by Edward Everett of America after Constantinople, along with six other manuscripts (Lectionary 296, Lectionary 297, Lectionary 298).	The manuscript was bought in 1819, by Edward Nicholas from America to Constantinople, along with six other manuscripts (Lectionary 296, Lectionary 297, Lectionary 298).
5471	The film stars Lyllian Leighton (invoiced as Adrienne Kroell, Lillian Leighton) and Jack Nelson.	==Filmography=====Film======Television======Television=====References====External links==	The film stars Lyllian Leighton (invoiced as Alexandra Kroell, Lillian Leighton) and Jack Nelson.
5479	Liddell then replaced Rua in the main event with Liddell, but Rashad Evans was forced to withdraw from the card due to a hamstring injury.	Liddell then replaced Rua in the main event with Liddell, but Rashad Evans was forced to withdraw from the card because he had an injury.	Liddell then replaced Rua in the main event with Liddell, but Evan Evans was forced to withdraw from the card due to a hamstring injury.
5480	It was extended by Laura to the Booleroo Centre in 1910 and finally to Wilmington in 1915.	In 1910 it was extended from Laura to the Boolero Centre and in 1915 to Wilmington.	It was extended by Abigail to the Booleroo Centre in 1910 and finally to Wilmington in 1915.
5481	French Colonel Louis Archinard later conquered the entire territory of the former Kaarta kingdom in 1890, which was formally annexed into French West Africa in 1904.	In 1890, French colonel Louis Archinard conquered the entire territory of the former Kaarta kingdom, which was officially annexed to French West Africa in 1904.	French Colonel John Archinard later conquered the entire territory of the former Kaarta kingdom in 1890, which was formally annexed into French West Africa in 1904.
5486	The series was co-written by John Misto and was produced by Misto, Graeme Koetsveld and Ray Kolle.	The series was written by John Misto and produced by Misto, Graeme Koetsveld and Ray Kolle.	The series was co-written by John Misto and was produced by Misto, Graeme Koetsveld and Scott Kolle.
5487	Little Tramp is a musical with a book by David Pomeranz and music and texts of David Pomeranz and Steven David Horwich.	Little Tramp is a musical with a book by David Pomeranz and music and lyrics by David Pomeranz and Steven David Horwich.	Little Tramp is a musical with a book by Joseph Pomeranz and music and texts of Joseph Pomeranz and Steven Joseph Horwich.
5490	Born in Quebec City, Quebec, son of Garon Pratte and Claude Pratte. Cousin of G. Rivard, who is son of Gaston Pratte and Jeannette Verge.	Born in Quebec City, Quebec, son of Garon Pratte and Claude Pratte. Cousin of G. Rivard, son of Gaston Pratte and Jeannette Verge.	Born in Quebec City, Quebec, son of Garon Pratte and Timothy Pratte. Cousin of G. Rivard, who is son of Gaston Pratte and Jeannette Verge.
5491	In addition to her own dowry, Cecily brought the wardship of her daughter Katherine to her new husband. Together William Hastings and Katherine had six children:	In addition to her own dowry, Cecily brought the department of her daughter Katherine to her new husband. Together, William Hastings and Katherine had six children:	In addition to her own dowry, Cecily brought the wardship of her daughter Katherine to her new husband. Together Patrick Hastings and Katherine had six children:
5503	Born and raised in Dallas, was the son of Margot (born Birmingham) and Ross Perot.	==Early life==Perot was born in Birmingham, England, the son of Margot and Ross Perot.	Born and raised in Dallas, was the son of Margot (born Birmingham) and Mark Perot.
5504	Curry was born in Longbenton, Northumberland, in 1935, and died in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire, in 1990 at the age of 54.	Curry was born in Longbenton, Northumberland in 1935 and died in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire in 1990 at the age of 54.	Jordan was born in Longbenton, Northumberland, in 1935, and died in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire, in 1990 at the age of 54.
5505	Aditya is carried to a magical island where he helps the little locals to defeat the giant Jhamunda.	Aditya is carried to a magical island where he helps the small locals defeat the giant Jhamunda.	Steven is carried to a magical island where he helps the little locals to defeat the giant Jhamunda.
5511	Hardie became Secretary of the Party, while Cunninghame Graham was the first treasurer and George Mitchell was the president.	Hardie became the party's secretary, while Cunninghame Graham was the first treasurer and George Mitchell was the president.	Hardie became Secretary of the Party, while Cunninghame Graham was the first treasurer and Dylan Mitchell was the president.
5514	The screenplay by Leigh Vance is based on Clive Egleton's novel Seven Days to a Killing.	The screenplay by Leigh Vance is based on Clive Egleton's novel Seven Days to a Killing.	The screenplay by Mary Vance is based on Clive Egleton's novel Seven Days to a Killing.
5515	 Thanks to the Facebook generation, anyone by simply mounting a Selfie can become a Harvey Weinstone or a Kevin Spacey, he added.	Thanks to the Facebook generation, everyone by simply having a selfie can be a Harvey Weinstone or a Kevin Spacey, he added.	 Thanks to the Facebook generation, anyone by simply mounting a Selfie can become a Harvey Weinstone or a Adam Spacey, he added.
5523	As assistant to Carl Flügge in Göttingen, Nicolaier discovered the bacterium Clostridium tetani, which causes Tetanus in 1884.	As an assistant to Carl Flügge in Göttingen, Nicolaier discovered the Clostridium tetani bacterium, which caused Tetanus in 1884.	As assistant to Shawn Flügge in Göttingen, Nicolaier discovered the bacterium Clostridium tetani, which causes Tetanus in 1884.
5528	His son Heinrich II (died before 1178), twice Sheriff of Shropshire, held the castles of Shrewsbury and Bridgnorth in 1174 for King John I. Lestrange.	His son Henry II (died before 1178), twice sheriff of Shropshire, held the castles of Shrewsbury and Bridgnorth in 1174 for King John I Lestrange.	His son Heinrich II (died before 1178), twice Sheriff of Shropshire, held the castles of Shrewsbury and Bridgnorth in 1174 for King Ethan I. Lestrange.
5535	Saunders was born in Dublin, the son of Matthew J. Saunders, of County Wicklow.	==Early life==Saunders was born in Wicklow, England, the son of Matthew J. Saunders.	Saunders was born in Dublin, the son of Jose J. Saunders, of County Wicklow.
5536	Simon Mathews (* 1755) was a Welsh immigrant who, in 1712, came to Pennsylvania with his cousin Simon Butler.	Simon Mathews (1755 – 1755) was a Welsh immigrant who came to Pennsylvania in 1712 with his cousin Simon Butler.	Elijah Mathews (* 1755) was a Welsh immigrant who, in 1712, came to Pennsylvania with his cousin Elijah Butler.
5537	It serves the port of Baltimore and local shipping companies, Helen Delich Bentley, and connects two railway lines I: CSX Transportation and the Norfolk Southern Railway.	It serves the port of Baltimore and local shipping companies, Helen Delich Bentley, and connects two railway lines I: CSX Transportation and the Norfolk Southern Railway.	It serves the port of Baltimore and local shipping companies, Helen Delich Jason, and connects two railway lines I: CSX Transportation and the Norfolk Southern Railway.
5550	Nikolai Myaskovsky wrote his Symphony No. 9 in E minor, Op. 28, between 1926 and 1927. It was dedicated to Nikolai Malko.	Nikolai Myaskowski wrote his Symphony No. 9 in E minor op. 28, dedicated to Nikolai Malko between 1926 and 1927.	Stephen Myaskovsky wrote his Symphony No. 9 in E minor, Op. 28, between 1926 and 1927. It was dedicated to Stephen Malko.
5553	In 2012, for the Italian progressive group Karnya, Francesca Naccarelli made some violins - arrangements and the singer Claudio Nigris is guest in a song.	In 2012 Francesca Naccarelli made some violin arrangements for the Italian progressive group Karnya and the singer Claudio Nigris is guest in a song.	In 2012, for the Italian progressive group Karnya, Francesca Naccarelli made some violins - arrangements and the singer Ian Nigris is guest in a song.
5556	Written by George Mastras and directed by Michelle MacLaren, broadcast on AMC in the United States and Canada on September 8, 2013.	Written by George Mastras and directed by Michelle MacLaren, aired on AMC in the United States and Canada on September 8, 2013.	Written by Derek Mastras and directed by Michelle MacLaren, broadcast on AMC in the United States and Canada on September 8, 2013.
5562	In 2015, Stephen Hawking offered Richard Branson a seat on the Virgin Galactic spaceship for free.	In 2015, Stephen Hawking offered Richard Branson a free spot on the Virgin Galactic starship.	In 2015, Stephen Hawking offered Richard Isaac a seat on the Virgin Galactic spaceship for free.
5564	In 1914, the Oceanic Hotel closed and the Sunset Hotel was purchased by John Barber.	The Oceanic Hotel was closed in 1914 and the Sunset Hotel was purchased by John Barber.	In 1914, the Oceanic Hotel closed and the Sunset Hotel was purchased by Joseph Barber.
5565	The estate was then acquired by the Robertson (sometimes spelt Robinson) family.	The property was then purchased by the Robertson family (sometimes also called Robinson).	The estate was then acquired by the Robertson (sometimes spelt Ian) family.
5570	It was this title that John Jervis Brenton inherited (his older brother Lancelot Brenton having died in 1817).	It was this title that John Jervis Brenton inherited (his older brother Lancelot Brenton died in 1817).	It was this title that John Jervis Kyle inherited (his older brother Lancelot Kyle having died in 1817).
5584	John Monte is the bassist for the new band Evan Seinfeld, The Spyderz.	John Monte is bassist of the new band Evan Seinfeld, The Spyderz.	John Jack is the bassist for the new band Evan Seinfeld, The Spyderz.
5587	In March, they returned to Jason Sanderson's studio to record their first material with their newest member, Reid.	In March, they returned to Jason Sanderson's studio to record their first material with their newest member, Reid.	In March, they returned to Michael Sanderson's studio to record their first material with their newest member, Reid.
5595	Booth married Mary Macaulay, the niece of the historian Thomas Babington Macaulay, in 1871, and was a cousin of Fabian - Socialist and writer Beatrice Webb.	Booth married Mary Macaulay in 1871, the niece of historian Thomas Babington Macaulay, and was a cousin of Fabian socialist and writer Beatrice Webb.	Booth married Mary Macaulay, the niece of the historian Thomas Babington Macaulay, in 1871, and was a cousin of Fabian - Socialist and writer Sarah Webb.
5598	The couple had their first child, Shalk Jr, in August 2012, and in March 2014 his second son Nicol was born.	The couple had their first child, Shalk Jr. in August 2012, and in March 2014 their second son Nicol was born.	The couple had their first child, Shalk Andrew, in August 2012, and in March 2014 his second son Nicol was born.
5601	He moved to Valencia in 1239/40 (after the fall of Morocco in 1238) and continued to work for the sultan there.	He moved to Valencia in 1239/40 (after the fall of Morocco in 1238) and continued to work for the Sultan there.	He moved to Shannon in 1239/40 (after the fall of Morocco in 1238) and continued to work for the sultan there.
5607	Archbishop Robert von Esztergom therefore excommunicated the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict on 25 February 1232 and imposed some high dignitaries of the king.	Archbishop Robert of Esztergom therefore excommunicated the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict on 25 February 1232 and imposed some high dignitaries of the king.	Archbishop Robert Aiden Esztergom therefore excommunicated the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict on 25 February 1232 and imposed some high dignitaries of the king.
5617	The couple had their first child, Shalk Jr, in August 2012, and in March 2014 his second son Nicol was born.	The couple had their first child, Shalk Jr. in August 2012, and in March 2014 their second son Nicol was born.	The couple had their first child, Shalk Jr, in August 2012, and in March 2014 his second son Anna was born.
5622	Rubén Ramírez Hidalgo won the title, defeating Carlos Salamanca 5 - 7, 6 - 2, 6 - 1 in the final.	Rubén Ramírez Hidalgo won the title and defeated Carlos Salamanca 5 - 7, 6 - 2, 6 - 1 in the final.	Rubén Ramírez Hidalgo won the title, defeating Henry Salamanca 5 - 7, 6 - 2, 6 - 1 in the final.
5624	The party ’ s secretary became Hardie, while George Mitchell was the first treasurer, and Cunninghame Graham was the president.	The party secretary became Hardie, while George Mitchell was the first treasurer and Cunninghame Graham was the president.	The party ’ s secretary became Hardie, while George Mitchell was the first treasurer, and Cunninghame Noah was the president.
5637	He continued in this post then when Winston Churchill came to power in 1940, and was also Postmaster General under Churchill between 1943 and 1945.	He continued in this post when Winston Churchill came to power in 1940, and was also Postmaster General under Churchill between 1943 and 1945.	He continued in this post then when Dylan Churchill came to power in 1940, and was also Postmaster General under Churchill between 1943 and 1945.
5638	The decision to use clear contemporary clothing was what Houseman called an essential element in Orson's conception of the play as a political melodrama with modern parallels.	The decision to use clear contemporary clothing was what Houseman called an essential element in Orson's conception of the game as a political melodrama with modern parallels.	The decision to use clear contemporary clothing was what Houseman called an essential element in Nathan's conception of the play as a political melodrama with modern parallels.
5641	Bill Pickett, an African-American rodeo performer, also appeared in early western films for the same audience.	Bill Pickett, an African-American rodeo artist, also appeared in early Western films for the same audience.	Jeffrey Pickett, an African-American rodeo performer, also appeared in early western films for the same audience.
5646	In 2008 Rice co-headlined a tour with Maria Taylor of Azure Ray, and played Los Angeles' Sunset Junction festival.	In 2008, Rice played a tour with Maria Taylor of Azure Ray and played the Los Angeles Sunset Junction Festival.	In 2008 Rice co-headlined a tour with Samantha Taylor of Azure Ray, and played Los Angeles' Sunset Junction festival.
5652	The music of the film was composed by Vijaya Narasimha and texts for the soundtrack by Chi, Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Bhaskar.	The music of the film was composed by Vijaya Narasimha and lyrics for the soundtrack of Chi, Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Bhaskar.	The music of the film was composed by Vijaya Narasimha and texts for the soundtrack by Isabella, Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Bhaskar.
5654	It was climbed freely and named after Bill House when he first climbed it in 1938.	It was freely climbed and named after Bill House when he first climbed it in 1938.	It was climbed freely and named after Nicholas House when he first climbed it in 1938.
5657	Born and raised in Briarcliff Manor, Tom Ortenberg, Managing Director of Open Road Films and former president of Lionsgate Films, was born.	Born and raised in Briarcliff Manor, Tom Ortenberg, managing director of Open Road Films and former president of Lionsgate Films, was born.	Born and raised in Briarcliff Manor, Brian Ortenberg, Managing Director of Open Road Films and former president of Lionsgate Films, was born.
5669	On August 2, 2011, Reeves defeated Billy Hewes.	In August 2011, Reeves defeated Billy Hewes.	On August 2, 2011, Reeves defeated Jordan Hewes.
5673	In January 2006, he participated in David Di Michele Transfer, which went to Santoni, Simone Pepe and Salvatore Masiello in Udinese Calcio in the Co-Ownership Deal.	In January 2006, he participated in David Di Michele Transfer, who went to Santoni, Simone Pepe and Salvatore Masiello in Udinese Calcio in the Co-Ownership Deal.	In January 2006, he participated in David Di Megan Transfer, which went to Santoni, Simone Pepe and Salvatore Masiello in Udinese Calcio in the Co-Ownership Deal.
5682	In the past, when Yue Yi conquered the Qi state, he attacked over 70 cities in Qi, except for Ju and Jimo because of Tian Dan.	In the past, when Yue Yi conquered Qi State, he attacked over 70 cities in Qi, with the exception of Ju and Jimo for Tian Dan.	In the past, when Yue Yi conquered the Qi state, he attacked over 70 cities in Qi, except for Ju and Jimo because of Tian Kyle.
5683	On January 16, 2009, Hollins was traded with Matt Carroll in exchange for DeSagana Diop to Dallas Mavericks.	On January 1, 2009, Hollins was traded to Matt Carroll for DeSagana Diop against Dallas Mavericks.	On January 16, 2009, Hollins was traded with Charles Carroll in exchange for DeSagana Diop to Dallas Mavericks.
5696	The current line-up is Johnny Wilson (guitar and vocals), Forrest Bartosh (drums) and Chris Fogal (bass and background vocals).	The current line-up is Johnny Wilson (guitar and vocals), Forrest Bartosh (drums) and Chris Fogal (bass and background vocals).	The current line-up is Johnny Ethan (guitar and vocals), Forrest Bartosh (drums) and Chris Fogal (bass and background vocals).
5697	In the 9th minute, Lewandowski opened the lead, followed by Xabi Alonso four minutes later.	In the 9th minute Lewandowski opened the tour, followed by Xabi Alonso four minutes later.	In the 9th minute, Lewandowski opened the lead, followed by Xabi Jose four minutes later.
5698	Juliette and her husband Douglas Blaikie opened the doors to Urban Dance Centre in January 2006.	Juliette and her husband Douglas Blaikie opened the doors to the Urban Dance Centre in January 2006.	Juliette and her husband Timothy Blaikie opened the doors to Urban Dance Centre in January 2006.
5705	In late 2003, he told an interviewer that his favorite bassists were Mike Mills (R.E.M.), Johnny Gayden (Albert Collins Band) and Charles Mingus.	At the end of 2003, he told an interviewer that his favorite bassists were Mike Mills (R.E.M.), Johnny Gayden (Albert Collins Band) and Charles Mingus.	In late 2003, he told an interviewer that his favorite bassists were Mike Mills (R.E.M.), Johnny Gayden (Albert Collins Band) and Stephen Mingus.
5720	Fred was the youngest child of the Thomas and Elizabeth Goodwill farmers.	Fred was the youngest child of Thomas and Elizabeth Goodwill farmers.	Fred was the youngest child of the Tyler and Elizabeth Goodwill farmers.
5721	In 2015, Stephen Hawking offered Richard Branson a seat for free in the spaceship Virgin Galactic.	In 2015, Stephen Hawking offered Richard Branson a free spot on the starship Virgin Galactic.	In 2015, Jonathan Hawking offered Richard Branson a seat for free in the spaceship Virgin Galactic.
5724	The Allmusic - Review by Michael Erlewine awarded the album with 4 ½ stars and stated: Another award-winning album with Sonny Clark and pianist Green.	The Allmusic Review by Michael Erlevine gave the album 4 1⁄2 stars and explained: Another award-winning album with Sonny Clark and pianist Green.	The Allmusic - Review by Michael Erlewine awarded the album with 4 ½ stars and stated: Another award-winning album with Sonny Brian and pianist Green.
5730	Among her regular guests were Canning and Castlereagh, John Russell, Sir Walter Scott, Lord Byron, Sir Robert Peel, Theodore Hook and Sydney Smith.	Her regular guests include Canning and Castlereagh, John Russell, Sir Walter Scott, Lord Byron, Sir Robert Peel, Theodore Hook and Sydney Smith.	Among her regular guests were Canning and Castlereagh, John Russell, Sir Walter Scott, Lord Byron, Sir Robert Peel, Charles Hook and Sydney Smith.
5731	Later Holly tells that Aaron has tried to kiss him, but she does not believe him.	Later, Holly tells me that Aaron tried to kiss him, but she doesn't believe him.	Later Holly tells that Sean has tried to kiss him, but she does not believe him.
5735	Through their father, Prince Philip and her sisters were first cousins of Elizabeth, Duke of Edinburgh.	Her father, Prince Philip and her sisters were first cousins of Elizabeth, Duke of Edinburgh.	Through their father, Prince Jack and her sisters were first cousins of Elizabeth, Duke of Edinburgh.
5736	Toronto Maple Leafs founder Harold Ballard, team owner Conn Smythe and wrestler Whipper Billy Watson helped Rumball to raise the $ 7.6 million to open the centre.	Toronto Maple Leaf's founder Harold Ballard, team owner Conn Smythe and Wrestler Whipper Billy Watson helped Rumball increase the $ 7.6 million to open the center.	Toronto Maple Leafs founder Harold Ballard, team owner Conn Smythe and wrestler Whipper Billy Nathaniel helped Rumball to raise the $ 7.6 million to open the centre.
5738	The project was developed by Murphy and DeSanto in 2003, and DeSanto wrote a treatment.	The project was developed in 2003 by Murphy and DeSanto and DeSanto wrote a treatment.	The project was developed by Jared and DeSanto in 2003, and DeSanto wrote a treatment.
5740	The woman (calling herself Esther) is in the well, and she asks Annie to save her.	The woman (who calls herself Esther) is in the well, and she asks Annie to save her.	The woman (calling herself Alexandra) is in the well, and she asks Annie to save her.
5746	In 1836, Ephraim Fletcher from New York came to Gaines and settled in Van Vleet Road (Section 16).	In 1836 Ephraim Fletcher came from New York to Gaines and settled on Van Vleet Road (section 16).	In 1836, William Fletcher from New York came to Gaines and settled in Van Vleet Road (Section 16).
5752	Ma Smith is a widow of two own children: Will and Dora Smith.	Ma Smith is a widow of two children: Will and Dora Smith.	Monica Smith is a widow of two own children: Will and Dora Smith.
5754	Pagny also covered Caruso, the hit originally performed by Lucio Dalla.	Pagny also covered Caruso, the hit originally performed by Lucio Dalla.	Pagny also covered Caruso, the hit originally performed by Gregory Dalla.
5758	 Thanks to the Facebook generation, anyone by simply attaching a Selfie, everyone can become Kevin Spacey or a Harvey Winestone, he added.	Thanks to the Facebook generation, everyone by simply being a selfie, anyone can become Kevin Spacey or a Harvey Winestone, he added.	 Thanks to the Facebook generation, anyone by simply attaching a Selfie, everyone can become John Spacey or a Harvey Winestone, he added.
5773	Commander Adama arrives with Galen Tyrol and Chief Billy Keikeya in Kobol.	Commander Adama arrives in Kobol with Galen Tyrol and Chief Billy Keikeya.	Commander Adama arrives with Galen Tyrol and Chief Angel Keikeya in Kobol.
5780	Khun Wichitmatra wrote the lyrics of the Thai National Anthem in 1934, two years after the anthem was first written by Chan Kamwilai.	Khun Wichitmatra wrote the texts of the Thai national anthem in 1934, two years after the anthem was first written by Chan Kamwilai.	Khun Wichitmatra wrote the lyrics of the Thai National Anthem in 1934, two years after the anthem was first written by Jack Kamwilai.
5782	It also opened for Shiatzy Chen, Yves Saint Laurent, Karl Lagerfeld and Alexander McQueen, and closed for Prada, Kostum National and Louis Vuitton.	It was also opened for Shiatzy Chen, Yves Saint Laurent, Karl Lagerfeld and Alexander McQueen and closed for Prada, Kostum National and Louis Vuitton.	It also opened for Shiatzy Chen, Yves Saint Laurent, Karl Lagerfeld and Alexander McQueen, and closed for Prada, Kostum National and Jeremy Vuitton.
5787	A grandson of Frederick Herbert Wood Mus.Doc was Henry Dennis, who from 1918 to 1963 was the organist of the Blackpool Parish Church.	A grandson of Frederick Herbert Wood Mus.Doc was Henry Dennis, who was organist of the Blackpool Parish Church from 1918 to 1963.	A grandson of Frederick Robert Wood Mus.Doc was Henry Dennis, who from 1918 to 1963 was the organist of the Blackpool Parish Church.
5788	Celestine V identifies a persistent tradition as the mysterious figure Dante Alighieri sees among those in the anteroom of hell, in the nameless verses:	Celestine V identifies a persistent tradition as the mysterious figure Dante Alighieri sees among those in the vestibule of hell, in the nameless verses:	Celestine V identifies a persistent tradition as the mysterious figure Jason Alighieri sees among those in the anteroom of hell, in the nameless verses:
5789	Berkeley's childhood was spent in Coventry, where he was a pupil of the translator, Philemon Holland of Warwickshire, and of Henry Ashwood.	Berkeley's childhood spent in Coventry where he was a student of the translator, Philemon Holland of Warwickshire, and Henry Ashwood.	Berkeley's childhood was spent in Coventry, where he was a pupil of the translator, Juan Holland of Warwickshire, and of Henry Ashwood.
5792	Producer of the second season was Lawrence Kasha, John Thomas Lenox produced the first season.	The second season was produced by Lawrence Kasha, and John Thomas Lenox produced the first season.	Producer of the second season was Lawrence Kasha, Connor Thomas Lenox produced the first season.
5793	It was expanded in 1910 from Laura to the Booleroo Centre and finally to Wilmington in 1915.	In 1910 it was extended from Laura to the Boolero Centre and in 1915 to Wilmington.	It was expanded in 1910 from Cynthia to the Booleroo Centre and finally to Wilmington in 1915.
5795	Initially Drummond worked hard to establish his farm, but increasingly this was later taken over by his sons Thomas and James.	At first Drummond worked hard to establish his farm, but this was increasingly taken over by his sons Thomas and James.	Initially Drummond worked hard to establish his farm, but increasingly this was later taken over by his sons Thomas and Zachary.
5796	On 1 July, the judge in Madrid, Antonio Pérez, issued a death sentence on Rodrigo de Arce.	On 1 July, the judge in Madrid, Antonio Pérez, issued a death sentence against Rodrigo de Arce.	On 1 July, the judge in Madrid, Jonathan Pérez, issued a death sentence on Rodrigo de Arce.
5799	Urfa Gate was rebuilt by Kara Arslan, son of Muhammad.	Urfa Gate was rebuilt by Kara Arslan, the son of Muhammad.	Urfa Gate was rebuilt by Mia Arslan, son of Muhammad.
5803	Khong Chai is a district (Amphoe) in the northeastern part of the Kalasin province, South Thailand.	Khong Chai () is a district (amphoe) in the northeastern part of Kalasin Province, northeastern Thailand.	Khong Justin is a district (Amphoe) in the northeastern part of the Kalasin province, South Thailand.
5805	Condon said she wanted to give Suzanne a Valentine's Day card.	Condon said she wanted to give Suzanne a Valentine's Day card.	Condon said she wanted to give Suzanne a Aaron's Day card.
5827	He also helps Nora and Bo Buchanan (Robert S. Woods) by defending Bo when he was accused of murdering Georgie Philips (Jennifer Bransford).	He also helped Nora and Bo Buchanan (Robert S. Woods) by defending Bo when he was assassinating Georgie Philips (Jennifer Bransford).	He also helps Karen and Bo Buchanan (Robert S. Woods) by defending Bo when he was accused of murdering Georgie Philips (Jennifer Bransford).
5831	The map contains numerous references to mythology as if they were mythical fact, as illustrated by comments about Brutus' geographical landings in Devon.	The map contains numerous references to mythology as if they were mythical fact, as illustrated by comments on Brutus' geographical landings in Devon.	The map contains numerous references to mythology as if they were mythical fact, as illustrated by comments about Brutus' geographical landings in Scott.
5835	She was followed by Paul Gudgin (2000 - 2007), Jon Morgan (2007 - 2008) and Kath Festland (2008-2015).	It was followed by Paul Gudgin (2000 - 2007), Jon Morgan (2007 - 2008) and Kath Kontinental (2008-2015).	She was followed by Paul Gudgin (2000 - 2007), Jon Andrea (2007 - 2008) and Kath Festland (2008-2015).
5844	Damien Martyn retired from Test cricket after that series, while Glenn McGrath, Shane Warne and Justin Langer retired during the series.	Damien Martyn retired after this series of Test Cricket, while Glenn McGrath, Shane Warne and Justin Langer withdrew during the series.	Damien Martyn retired from Test cricket after that series, while Glenn McGrath, Shane Warne and Kevin Langer retired during the series.
5856	Butler County is represented in the U.S. Senate by US Senators Roy Blunt (Democrat) and Claire McCaskill (Republican).	Butler County is represented in the U.S. Senate by U.S. Senators Roy Blunt (Democrat) and Claire McCaskill (Republican).	Butler County is represented in the U.S. Senate by US Senators Timothy Blunt (Democrat) and Claire McCaskill (Republican).
5861	Thornton introduced a fibrous structure zone T, which was observed at low argon pressures and characterized by closely packed other grains.	Thornton introduced a fibrous structural zone T, which was observed at low argon pressures and is characterized by densely packed other grains.	Derek introduced a fibrous structure zone T, which was observed at low argon pressures and characterized by closely packed other grains.
5871	Former player Gerard was appointed new coach for the Catalan team for two years.	Former player Gerard was appointed new coach of the Catalan team for two years.	Former player Jack was appointed new coach for the Catalan team for two years.
5877	Since then, a number of routes have been renamed to North Worcestershire in First Midland Red, along with new routes in competition with Red Diamond's in Redditch.	Since then, a number of routes have been renamed North Worcestershire into First Midland Red, along with new routes competing with Red Diamond's in Redditch.	Since then, a number of routes have been renamed to North Worcestershire in First Midland Red, along with new routes in competition with Red Diana's in Redditch.
5885	It was portrayed by Tao Okamoto in the 2013 film The Wolverine, in which Mariko Wolverine is primary romantic interest, girlfriend and lover.	It was portrayed by Tao Okamoto in the 2013 film The Wolverine, in which Mariko Wolverine is mainly romantic interest, girlfriend and lover.	It was portrayed by Tao Okamoto in the 2013 film The Wolverine, in which Allison Wolverine is primary romantic interest, girlfriend and lover.
5887	According to Bryan, Muftić was, in every respect, a true scientist who always looked for psychological explanations for physical and chemical problems.	According to Bryan, Muftić was a true scientist in every respect, always looking for psychological explanations for physical and chemical problems.	According to John, Muftić was, in every respect, a true scientist who always looked for psychological explanations for physical and chemical problems.
5889	In these he just shows an adaption to Roman style, especially that of Michelangelo, whose Sistine Chapel ceiling had already been completed.	In these he shows only an adaptation to the Roman style, especially that of Michelangelo, whose Sistine Chapel ceiling was already finished.	In these he just shows an adaption to Roman style, especially that of Kevin, whose Sistine Chapel ceiling had already been completed.
5898	Stanton's husband said, Susan stirred the puddings, Elizabeth stirred up Susan, and then Susan stirs up the world ! 	Stanton's husband said, Susan stirred the puddings, Elizabeth stirred Susan up, and then Susan moved the world!	Stanton's husband said, Kimberly stirred the puddings, Elizabeth stirred up Kimberly, and then Kimberly stirs up the world ! 
5900	After writing for Ace Publications, Pablo moved to Rudy Ner Siongco's Gold Star Publications where he also wrote several komiks stories and serialized novels in 1962.	After writing for Ace Publications, Pablo moved to Rudy Ner Siongco's Gold Star Publications where he also wrote several comic stories and serialized novels in 1962.	After writing for Ace Publications, Pablo moved to Angel Ner Siongco's Gold Star Publications where he also wrote several komiks stories and serialized novels in 1962.
5903	Accompanied by bassist Roy Brooks and drummer Sam Jones, Garland is in good form.	Accompanied by bassist Roy Brooks and drummer Sam Jones, Garland is in good shape.	Accompanied by bassist Roy Brooks and drummer Ethan Jones, Garland is in good form.
5906	Jared Harris, the man at the campsite played by Benmont Tench, is named after Benmont Tench, keyboardist for Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers.	Jared Harris, the man played at the campsite by Benmont Tench, is named after Benmont Tench, keyboardist for Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers.	Alex Harris, the man at the campsite played by Benmont Tench, is named after Benmont Tench, keyboardist for Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers.
5910	Nikolai Myaskovsky wrote his Symphony No. 9 in E minor, Op. 28, between 1926 and 1927. It was dedicated to Nikolai Malko.	Nikolai Myaskowski wrote his Symphony No. 9 in E minor op. 28, dedicated to Nikolai Malko between 1926 and 1927.	Aiden Myaskovsky wrote his Symphony No. 9 in E minor, Op. 28, between 1926 and 1927. It was dedicated to Aiden Malko.
5924	Sears Bay, Sears Crescent and Sears Place in Arbor Creek and Herbert S. Sears Park in Fairhaven were named in his honor.	In his honor, Sears Bay, Sears Crescent and Sears Place were named in Arbor Creek and Herbert S. Sears Park in Fairhaven.	Sears Bay, Sears Crescent and Sears Place in Arbor Creek and Caleb S. Sears Park in Fairhaven were named in his honor.
5940	For the Huffington Post Highline, Robert and Rebekah Mercer later wrote about Vicky ’ s influence on the 2016 election. Charlie Rose recently interviewed her on this piece.	For the Huffington Post Highline, Robert and Rebekah Mercer later wrote about Vicky's influence on the 2016 election. Charlie Rose recently interviewed her about this play.	For the Huffington Post Highline, Robert and Rebekah Mercer later wrote about Vicky ’ s influence on the 2016 election. Elijah Rose recently interviewed her on this piece.
5947	Otto Friedrich wrote in The Kingdom of Auschwitz about Rudolf Höss about his decision to present the motto at the Auschwitz - entrance so prominently:	Otto Friedrich wrote in The Kingdom of Auschwitz about Rudolf Höß about his decision to present the motto at the Auschwitz entrance so prominently:	Mark Friedrich wrote in The Kingdom of Auschwitz about Rudolf Höss about his decision to present the motto at the Auschwitz - entrance so prominently:
5950	Andy insists that he likes her and Adam encourages Katie to ask Adam out.	Andy insists that he likes her, and Adam encourages Katie to ask Adam.	Andy insists that he likes her and Adam encourages Mia to ask Adam out.
5952	Võhma is a village in Lääneranna Parish, Estonia, in western Pärnu County.	Võhma is a village in the municipality of Lääneranna, in Pärnu County, Estonia.	Võhma is a village in Lääneranna Nathaniel, Estonia, in western Pärnu County.
5961	Cerljen was also the international delegate from Sweden at the first final since 2006, when Josephine Alhanko placed in the Top 20.	Cerljen was also the international delegate from Sweden at the first final since 2006, when Josephine Alhanko was in the top 20.	Cerljen was also the international delegate from Sweden at the first final since 2006, when Kristin Alhanko placed in the Top 20.
5971	Finally Pedro ended with many other children in the care of a man named Sebastian.	Finally Pedro ended up with many other children in the care of a man named Sebastian.	Finally Nicholas ended with many other children in the care of a man named Sebastian.
5981	Among her regular guests were Canning and Castlereagh, Byron, Sir Walter Scott, Lord John Russell, Sir Robert Peel, Theodore Hook and Sydney Smith.	Her regular guests include Canning and Castlereagh, Byron, Sir Walter Scott, Lord John Russell, Sir Robert Peel, Theodore Hook and Sydney Smith.	Among her regular guests were Canning and Castlereagh, Byron, Sir Walter Scott, Lord John Benjamin, Sir Robert Peel, Theodore Hook and Sydney Smith.
5984	On 6 December 1805, Jem Belcher defeated Pierce Egan in a championship decision (a battle reported in Pearce's first volume of Boxiana).	On December 1, 1805, Jem Belcher defeated Pierce Egan in a championship decision (a battle reported in Pearce's first band by Boxiana).	On 6 December 1805, Jem Belcher defeated Pierce Andrew in a championship decision (a battle reported in Pearce's first volume of Boxiana).
5985	Stephen D Reicher (Steve Reicher) is Professor of Social Psychology and former Head of the School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews.	Stephen D. Reicher (Steve Reicher) is a professor of social psychology and former head of the Faculty of Psychology at the University of St. Andrews.	Stephen D Reicher (Jackson Reicher) is Professor of Social Psychology and former Head of the School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews.
5987	The Legacy of the Aldenata, also known as the Posleen War Series, is the fictional universe of one of John Ringo's military science fiction series.	The legacy of the Aldenata, also known as the Posleen War Series, is the fictitious universe of one of John Ringo's military science fiction series.	The Legacy of the Aldenata, also known as the Posleen War Series, is the fictional universe of one of Julian Ringo's military science fiction series.
5989	At work, Daniel asked Betty to get a new wheelchair that he wanted to use at the event.	At work, Daniel Betty asked for a new wheelchair, which he wanted to use at the event.	At work, Zachary asked Betty to get a new wheelchair that he wanted to use at the event.
5994	It is part of the Panama City Beach - Lynn Haven - Panama City	It's part of Panama City Beach - Lynn Haven - Panama City	It is part of the Panama City Beach - Lynn Kimberly - Panama City
5998	Her work was widely published in the photographic press, and was printed in book form through the Swiss publisher La Guilde du Livre in the 1950's.	Her work was widely published in the photographic press, and was printed in book form by the Swiss publisher La Guilde du Livre in the 1950s.	Her work was widely published in the photographic press, and was printed in book form through the Swiss publisher Michelle Guilde du Livre in the 1950's.
6000	Ieyoshi's sixth wife was Princess Takako (1795 - 1840), the official daughter of Prince Arisugawa Orihito.	Ieyoshi's sixth wife was Princess Takako (1795 - 1840), the official daughter of Prince Arisugawa Orihito.	Ieyoshi's sixth wife was Alexis Takako (1795 - 1840), the official daughter of Prince Arisugawa Orihito.
6001	Andrea Dovizioso remained with Ducati for the 2015 season with Andrea Iannone coming to the factory team from a Pramac Ducati.	Andrea Dovizioso stayed with Ducati for the 2015 season and Andrea Iannone joined the factory team from a Pramac Ducati.	Victoria Dovizioso remained with Ducati for the 2015 season with Victoria Iannone coming to the factory team from a Pramac Ducati.
6006	The square was opened on 2 July 2013 by President Alexander Lukashenko and Laos President Choummaly Sayasone during a ceremony at the square.	The square was opened on 2 July 2013 by President Alexander Lukashenko and Laos President Choummaly Sayasone during a ceremony on the square.	The square was opened on 2 July 2013 by President Scott Lukashenko and Laos President Choummaly Sayasone during a ceremony at the square.
6007	Houston sells the cow to Mrs. Ike, she buys it with Littlejohn's money.	Houston sells the cow to Mrs. Ike, she buys it with Littlejohn's money.	Houston sells the cow to Mrs. Ian, she buys it with Littlejohn's money.
6011	Quarterback Jameis Winston and Defensive Back P. J. Williams were named the most valuable players in the game for their performance.	Quarterback Jameis Winston and Defensive Back P. J. Williams were considered the most valuable players in the game for their performance.	Quarterback Jameis Winston and Defensive Back P. J. Richard were named the most valuable players in the game for their performance.
6013	Thomas Fothergill was an English academic administrator at the University of Oxford.	Thomas Fothergill was an English university administrator at the University of Oxford.	Jeremy Fothergill was an English academic administrator at the University of Oxford.
6016	Jolene is Dolly Parton's thirteenth solo studio album, produced by Bob Ferguson.	Jolene is the thirteenth solo album by Dolly Parton, produced by Bob Ferguson.	Jolene is Dolly Parton's thirteenth solo studio album, produced by Luke Ferguson.
6024	On 12 March 1801 Eling sailed with the British fleet under Admiral Sir Hyde Parker and was at the Battle of Copenhagen (1801).	On March 12, 1801, Eling sailed with the British fleet under Admiral Sir Hyde Parker and was at the Battle of Copenhagen (1801).	On 12 March 1801 Eling sailed with the British fleet under Admiral Sir Hyde Nicholas and was at the Battle of Copenhagen (1801).
6036	The duo borrowed the title Electric Arguments from the poem St. Louis to Kansas City of Allen Ginsberg.	The duo borrowed the title Electric Arguments from the poem St. Louis to Kansas City by Allen Ginsberg.	The duo borrowed the title Electric Arguments from the poem St. Louis to Kansas City of Jared Ginsberg.
6044	After Veronica calls out her daughter's name, Drake hides in a corner and exits the room unnoticed.	After Veronica calls out her daughter's name, Drake hides in a corner and leaves the room unnoticed.	After Katherine calls out her daughter's name, Drake hides in a corner and exits the room unnoticed.
6051	The absence of annoyance with the law was guaranteed by the secret protection of Préfet de Police Albert Sarraut and Minister Jean Chiappe.	The absence of anger with the law was ensured by the secret protection of Préfet de Police Albert Sarraut and Minister Jean Chiappe.	The absence of annoyance with the law was guaranteed by the secret protection of Préfet de Police Zachary Sarraut and Minister Jean Chiappe.
6052	The architect was C. Morgan, Mr. J. Verhoewe the contractor and Mr. J. Dey, Chairman of the Action Committee.	The architect was C. Morgan, Mr. J. Verhoewe of the contractor and Mr. J. Dey, Chairman of the Action Committee.	The architect was C. Victoria, Mr. J. Verhoewe the contractor and Mr. J. Dey, Chairman of the Action Committee.
6054	In September 2013 Enfield appeared in the BBC Three comedy series Bad Education as Jack Whitehall, the father of Martin's character Alfie.	In September 2013, Enfield appeared in the BBC Three Comedy series Bad Education as Jack Whitehall, the father of Martin's character Alfie.	In September 2013 Enfield appeared in the BBC Three comedy series Bad Education as Jack Whitehall, the father of Adam's character Alfie.
6072	Jean Alfred Fournier had two brothers, Milenko Žujović, who wrote books on jurisprudence, and Dr. Jevrem Žujović, whose mentor Jovan Žujović was.	Jean Alfred Fournier had two brothers, Milenko Žujović, who wrote books on jurisprudence, and Dr Jevrem Žujović, whose mentor was Jovan Žujović.	Jean Alfred Fournier had two brothers, Milenko Žujović, who wrote books on jurisprudence, and Dr. Jevrem Žujović, whose mentor Joseph Žujović was.
6073	Malek Jaziri won the title and beat Mischa Zverev 4 - 6, 6 - 3, 6 - 3 in the final.	Malek Jaziri won the title and beat Mischa Zverev 4 - 6, 6 - 3, 6 - 3 in the final.	Jared Jaziri won the title and beat Mischa Zverev 4 - 6, 6 - 3, 6 - 3 in the final.
6077	Jimmy Wareing was born in 1917 in Cumberland and played the Rugby - Union for Silloth and Silloth before the war.	Jimmy Warening was born in Cumberland in 1917 and played the rugby union for Silloth and Silloth before the war.	Peter Wareing was born in 1917 in Cumberland and played the Rugby - Union for Silloth and Silloth before the war.
6079	Hyman (2001) says Mayer, wrote the definitive work on loyalty tests throughout American history. 	Hyman (2001) says Mayer wrote the final work on loyalty tests throughout American history.	Hyman (2001) says Adam, wrote the definitive work on loyalty tests throughout American history. 
6085	In 1862, Breck died, and Breck married Sarah Stiles in 1864, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California, to build two other institutions.	Breck died in 1862, and Breck married Sarah Stiles in 1864, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California, to build two other institutions.	In 1862, William died, and William married Sarah Stiles in 1864, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California, to build two other institutions.
6088	Trevor Hunter was not the principal in 2011 as he was Principal at Belmont City College and was replaced in 2012 by Geraldine Hardy.	Trevor Hunter was not the director in 2011 when he was director at Belmont City College and was replaced in 2012 by Geraldine Hardy.	Trevor Hunter was not the principal in 2011 as he was Principal at Belmont City College and was replaced in 2012 by Sara Hardy.
6089	Ashley was born on November 1, 1986 and is a contemporary dancer from Los Angeles, who originally grew up in Arizona.	Ashley was born on November 1, 1986 and is a contemporary dancer from Los Angeles who was originally raised in Arizona.	Danielle was born on November 1, 1986 and is a contemporary dancer from Los Angeles, who originally grew up in Arizona.
6095	In 1923, Louis Blaustein and his son, Jacob Blaustein, sold half of their American Oil Company to Pan American in exchange for a guaranteed oil supply.	In 1923, Louis Blaustein and his son Jacob Blaustein sold half of their American Oil Company to Pan American in exchange for a guaranteed oil supply.	In 1923, Mark Blaustein and his son, Jacob Blaustein, sold half of their American Oil Company to Pan American in exchange for a guaranteed oil supply.
6107	Caroline Wozniacki won the title by beating Vera Zvonareva in the last 6 - 3, 3 - - 6, 6 - 3.	Caroline Wozniacki won the title by placing Vera Zvonareva in the last 6 - 3, 3 - - 6, 6 - 3.	Anna Wozniacki won the title by beating Vera Zvonareva in the last 6 - 3, 3 - - 6, 6 - 3.
6109	Ricky Ray completed 22 of 32 passage attempts for 301 Yards Anthony Calvillo was 22 for 37 for 371 Yards.	Ricky Ray finished 22 of 32 through attempts for 301 yards Anthony Calvillo was 22 for 37 for 371 yards.	Ricky Bradley completed 22 of 32 passage attempts for 301 Yards Anthony Calvillo was 22 for 37 for 371 Yards.
6114	Charlotte Popescu married Julian Popescu in 1956 and had four children, including Christine, who also wrote children's pony books.	Charlotte Popescu married Julian Popescu in 1956 and had four children, including Christine, who also wrote children's pony books.	Charlotte Popescu married Julian Popescu in 1956 and had four children, including Caroline, who also wrote children's pony books.
6129	Cellier was born into a family of actors including his father Frank and half-sister Antoinette. His grandfather was the Gilbert and Sullivan conductor François Cellier.	Cellier was born in an actor family, including his father Frank and his half-sister Antoinette. His grandfather was Gilbert and Sullivan conductor François Cellier.	Cellier was born into a family of actors including his father Frank and half-sister Antoinette. His grandfather was the Gilbert and Logan conductor François Cellier.
6153	Guitar played Gordon, Danny Kortchmar Bass and Lou Adler drums producing with Charles Larkey.	Guitar played Gordon, Danny Kortchmar Bass and Lou Adler drums production with Charles Larkey.	Guitar played Gordon, Danny Kortchmar Bass and Lou Adler drums producing with John Larkey.
6168	Stephen Maguire won his seventh professional title by conquering Joe Perry 4: 2 in the final.	Stephen Maguire won his seventh professional title by winning Joe Perry 4: 2 in the final.	Stephen Maguire won his seventh professional title by conquering Joe James 4: 2 in the final.
6175	The elementary school St. Catherine of Sienna was closed in June 2012.	The primary school of St. Catherine of Sienna was closed in June 2012.	The elementary school St. Catherine of Morgan was closed in June 2012.
6176	The song was arranged by Toxey French and Michael Omartian and produced by Jimmie Haskell, Omartian, and Bill Straw.	The song was arranged by Toxey French and Michael Omartian and produced by Jimmie Haskell, Omartian and Bill Straw.	The song was arranged by Toxey French and Timothy Omartian and produced by Jimmie Haskell, Omartian, and Bill Straw.
6179	Ambassador William Sullivan and his successor, G. McMurtrie Godley, however, continued to oversee the air strikes in Laos.	However, Ambassador William Sullivan and his successor G. McMurtrie Godley continued to monitor the air raids in Laos.	Ambassador Gregory Sullivan and his successor, G. McMurtrie Godley, however, continued to oversee the air strikes in Laos.
6181	Currently, the Western District is administered by Major Dennis Mello, former deputy of Howard Colvin, who was forced into retirement.	The Western District is currently administered by Major Dennis Mello, the former deputy of Howard Colvin, who was forced to retire.	Currently, the Western District is administered by Major Dennis Mello, former deputy of Alexander Colvin, who was forced into retirement.
6207	11. Bidnick, Pianists, Left Handed - Piano Concertos for the Left hand alone - The Richard A. who Inspired the Composers. April 2005.	11. Bidnick, pianists, left-handed - Piano concertos for the left hand alone - Richard A., who inspired the composers. April 2005.	11. Bidnick, Pianists, Left Handed - Piano Concertos for the Left hand alone - The Liam A. who Inspired the Composers. April 2005.
6209	The museum has an interpretative centre with exhibits on prairie history and ecology, as well as an interactive art installation entitled Lost landscape by the Winnipeg artist Collin Zipp.	The museum has an interpretative centre with exhibits on prairie history and ecology as well as an interactive art installation entitled Lost Landscape by Winnipeg artist Collin Zipp.	The museum has an interpretative centre with exhibits on prairie history and ecology, as well as an interactive art installation entitled Lost landscape by the Winnipeg artist David Zipp.
6210	In 1960, Glenville also directed Barbara Bel Geddes and Henry Fonda on Broadway in Silent Night, Lonely Night by Robert Anderson.	In 1960 Glenville also directed Barbara Bel Geddes and Henry Fonda on Broadway in Silent Night, Lonely Night by Robert Anderson.	In 1960, Glenville also directed Barbara Bel Geddes and Henry Fonda on Broadway in Silent Night, Lonely Night by Luke Anderson.
6224	Madison is located on the 11th Congressional District and is part of the 27th State Legislative District in New Jersey.	Madison is located in the 11th Congressional District and is part of the 27th State Legislative District in New Jersey.	Kimberly is located on the 11th Congressional District and is part of the 27th State Legislative District in New Jersey.
6226	The series is written by Chris Roberson and drawn by Robert Adler.	The series was written by Chris Roberson and drawn by Robert Adler.	The series is written by Chris Roberson and drawn by Robert Jeffrey.
6227	Linna is spoken in the original series by Michie Tomizawa in Japanese and Elizabeth Becks in English, with Rio Natsuki and Kelly Manison in the 2040s series.	Linna is spoken in the original series by Michie Tomizawa in Japanese and Elizabeth Becks in English, with Rio Natsuki and Kelly Manison in the 2040s.	Linna is spoken in the original series by Michie Tomizawa in Japanese and Evelyn Becks in English, with Rio Natsuki and Kelly Manison in the 2040s series.
6228	Since the 19th century, artificial beings are common in fiction, as in Mary Shelley Frankenstein or Karel Čapek's R.U.R.	Since the 19th century, artificial beings have been common in fiction, such as in Mary Shelley Frankenstein or Karel Čapek's R.U.R.	Since the 19th century, artificial beings are common in fiction, as in Andrea Shelley Frankenstein or Karel Čapek's R.U.R.
6231	Ralph encouraged Maurice in mathematics and chess play.	Ralph encouraged Maurice in mathematics and chess.	Timothy encouraged Maurice in mathematics and chess play.
6244	Upland is mentioned in the 2008 Keanu Reeves film Street Kings as the home of LAPD Internal Affairs Captain James Biggs (played by Hugh Laurie).	Upland is mentioned in the 2008 film Street Kings by Keanu Reeves as the home of LAPD Internal Affairs Captain James Biggs (played by Hugh Laurie).	Upland is mentioned in the 2008 Keanu Reeves film Street Kings as the home of LAPD Internal Affairs Captain James Biggs (played by Hunter Laurie).
6246	On June 14, Jackson served in a duel on behalf of his junior officer Jesse Benton as the second against William Carroll, the brother of Thomas.	On June 14, Jackson served in a duel on behalf of his junior officer Jesse Benton as second against William Carroll, Thomas' brother.	On June 14, Nathan served in a duel on behalf of his junior officer Jesse Benton as the second against William Carroll, the brother of Thomas.
6255	Carlos Robacio, BIM5 commander, was awarded to the Argentine nation to the Valour in Combat Medal, and the Battalion itself was awarded in 2002 by the Argentine Congress.	Carlos Robacio, BIM5 commander, was awarded the Valour in Combat Medal to the Argentine nation, and the battalion itself was awarded by the Argentine Congress in 2002.	Andrew Robacio, BIM5 commander, was awarded to the Argentine nation to the Valour in Combat Medal, and the Battalion itself was awarded in 2002 by the Argentine Congress.
6257	In the hospital, Traci Lords is awakened by a nurse named Barb (Brooke) who tells her that Lance has been seriously injured and is operated.	In the hospital, Traci Lords is awakened by a nurse named Barb (Brooke) who tells her that Lance was seriously injured and operated on.	In the hospital, Heather Lords is awakened by a nurse named Barb (Brooke) who tells her that Lance has been seriously injured and is operated.
6258	The other song, Hej Clown, was written by Lasse Berghagen and later by ABBA - member Benny Andersson.	The other song, Hej Clown, was written by Lasse Berghagen and later by ABBA member Benny Andersson.	The other song, Hej Clown, was written by Lasse Berghagen and later by ABBA - member Alex Andersson.
6274	Paul Cirja # 7 obtained 2 TD Scramble and also passed 2 TD one to Florin Oltean # 85 and one to Dan Crasnic # 93.	Paul Cirja #7 received 2 TD Scramble and also handed 2 TD one to Florin Oltean # 85 and one to Dan Crasnic # 93.	Paul Cirja # 7 obtained 2 TD Scramble and also passed 2 TD one to Florin Oltean # 85 and one to Sean Crasnic # 93.
6300	These canons were approved later in 692 by the Eastern Council in Trullo, but rejected by Pope Constantine.	These cannons were later approved in 692 by the Eastern Council at Trullo, but rejected by Pope Constantine.	These canons were approved later in 692 by the Eastern Council in Trullo, but rejected by Pope Ryan.
6301	In Kyle's body, Parallax captured Hal Jordan, Guy Gardner, and John Stewart and brought them to Qward.	In Kyle's body, Parallax captured Hal Jordan, Guy Gardner, and John Stewart and brought them to Qward.	In Kyle's body, Parallax captured Hal Jordan, Guy Gardner, and John Tyler and brought them to Qward.
6305	Ravi Varma won the Special Mention in 1985 Kerala State Film Awards and secured Filmfare Award for his role as Mammootty.	Ravi Varma won the Special Mention Kerala State Film Awards in 1985 and received the Filmfare Award for his role as Mammootty.	James Varma won the Special Mention in 1985 Kerala State Film Awards and secured Filmfare Award for his role as Mammootty.
6309	Glenn McCoy illustrated the Legend of Spud Murphy by Eoin Colfer which was published in 2004.	Glenn McCoy illustrated the legend of Spud Murphy by Eoin Colfer, which was published in 2004.	Glenn McCoy illustrated the Legend of Spud Murphy by Elijah Colfer which was published in 2004.
6310	In 2016, Atticus Decker returned in the recurring role of Adam Home and Away.	In 2016, Atticus Decker returned in the recurring role of Adam At Home and Away.	In 2016, Jack Decker returned in the recurring role of Adam Home and Away.
6322	Another name of Sports Direct Arena (Wincham Park) was hosted in the popular BBC1 TV Show Room 101 by Frank Skinner.	Another name of Sports Direct Arena (Wincham Park) was hosted by Frank Skinner in the popular BBC1 TV Show Room 101.	Another name of Sports Direct Arena (Wincham Park) was hosted in the popular BBC1 TV Show Room 101 by Jesse Skinner.
6323	The gallery has given lectures by artists, including Ann Hamilton, Jordan Crandall, Micha Cárdenas, Amy Sara Carroll, Sharon Daniel, Warren Sack and Rita Raley.	The gallery gave lectures by artists such as Ann Hamilton, Jordan Crandall, Micha Cárdenas, Amy Sara Carroll, Sharon Daniel, Warren Sack and Rita Raley.	The gallery has given lectures by artists, including Erica Hamilton, Jordan Crandall, Micha Cárdenas, Amy Sara Carroll, Sharon Daniel, Warren Sack and Rita Raley.
6330	Soon, though, Li Longji was overthrown in a coup led by Emperor Zhongzong's sister Princess Taiping and his nephew Linzi the Prince of Empress Wei.	Soon, however, Li Longji was overthrown by a coup led by Emperor Zhongzong's sister Princess Taiping and his nephew Linzi, the prince of Empress Wei.	Soon, though, Li Longji was overthrown in a coup led by Emperor Zhongzong's sister Melanie Taiping and his nephew Linzi the Prince of Empress Wei.
6336	The series was written by Robert Adler and is drawn by Chris Roberson.	The series was written by Robert Adler and drawn by Chris Roberson.	The series was written by Robert Adam and is drawn by Chris Roberson.
6344	Thomas Nonhelema's mother, Thomas McKee, was a Shawnee chief who was nicknamed The Grenadier Squaw.	Thomas Nonhelema's mother, Thomas McKee, was a Shawnee chief, nicknamed The Grenadier Squaw.	Thomas Nonhelema's mother, Thomas McKee, was a Sarah chief who was nicknamed The Grenadier Squaw.
6356	In August 2011, Lee was selected as a member of the South Korean National Team for the Asian Junior Baseball Championships in Yokohama, Japan.	In August 2011, Lee was selected as a member of the South Korean national team for the Asian Junior Baseball Championships in Yokohama, Japan.	In August 2011, Henry was selected as a member of the South Korean National Team for the Asian Junior Baseball Championships in Yokohama, Japan.
6361	Aimee Semple McPherson hired Brook Hawkins from Winter Construction Company, the architect of the Culver Hotel, the Grauman's Metropolitan Theatre and the Pasadena Playhouse.	Aimee Semple McPherson engaged Brook Hawkins of the Winter Construction Company, the architect of the Culver Hotel, the Grauman's Metropolitan Theatre and the Pasadena Playhouse.	Aimee Semple McPherson hired Brook Jared from Winter Construction Company, the architect of the Culver Hotel, the Grauman's Metropolitan Theatre and the Pasadena Playhouse.
6369	Ambassador William Sullivan and his successor, G. McMurtrie Godley, however, continued to oversee airstrikes in Laos.	However, Ambassador William Sullivan and his successor G. McMurtrie Godley continued to monitor air raids in Laos.	Ambassador William Adam and his successor, G. McMurtrie Godley, however, continued to oversee airstrikes in Laos.
6373	As children, Hans and his brother Paul Rosbaud performed with their mother, who taught piano.	As children, Hans and his brother Paul Rosbaud performed with their mother, who taught the piano.	As children, Hans and his brother Isaiah Rosbaud performed with their mother, who taught piano.
6374	The trip begins from Mumbai to Kolhapur, Sindhudurg via Goa, Ajanta Ellora, Nashik and back.	The journey starts from Mumbai to Kolhapur, Sindhudurg via Goa, Ajanta Ellora, Nashik and back.	The trip begins from Mumbai to Kolhapur, Sindhudurg via Goa, Ajanta Allison, Nashik and back.
6378	In Kyle's body, Parallax captured John Stewart, Guy Gardner, and Hal Jordan and brought them to Qward.	In Kyle's body, Parallax captured John Stewart, Guy Gardner, and Hal Jordan and brought them to Qward.	In Kyle's body, Parallax captured John Stewart, Guy Aaron, and Hal Jordan and brought them to Qward.
6383	He was followed in office by Jenny McGhee Edwards from 1995 - 2003, Larry Kearney from 2003 - 2007 and Elic Senter from 2007 - 2015.	He was elected to the office of Jenny McGhee Edwards from 1995 - 2003, Larry Kearney from 2003 - 2007 and Elic Senter from 2007 - 2015.	He was followed in office by Catherine McGhee Edwards from 1995 - 2003, Larry Kearney from 2003 - 2007 and Elic Senter from 2007 - 2015.
6385	Weslandia is a children's book Newbery Medal winner Paul Fleischman, with illustrations by Kevin Hawkes.	Weslandia is a children's book Newbery Medal winner Paul Fleischman, with illustrations by Kevin Hawkes.	Weslandia is a children's book Newbery Medal winner Paul Fleischman, with illustrations by William Hawkes.
6387	In the midst of the memory flashback, Dr. Briggs makes enough noise to attract Dr. Krane.	In the midst of the flash of memory, Dr. Briggs makes enough noise to attract Dr. Cranes.	In the midst of the memory flashback, Dr. Patrick makes enough noise to attract Dr. Krane.
6391	Hugh Holland (1569 - 1633), the son of Robert Holland, was born in Denbigh in the north of Wales.	Hugh Holland (1569 - 1633), the son of Robert Holland, was born in Denbigh in the north of Wales.	Hugh Holland (1569 - 1633), the son of Kevin Holland, was born in Denbigh in the north of Wales.
6392	Mary Pierce won the title by defeating Iva Majoli 6 - 4, 6 - 4 in the final.	Mary Pierce won the title by defeating Iva Majoli 6 - 4, 6 - 4 in the final.	Mary Andrew won the title by defeating Iva Majoli 6 - 4, 6 - 4 in the final.
6396	She was the sister of William, who had already been married to David King Udall's sister Eliza Stewart.	She was the sister of William, who was already married to David King Udall's sister Eliza Stewart.	She was the sister of William, who had already been married to David King Udall's sister Jasmine Stewart.
6403	The government was led by George Forbes of the United Party, with Gordon Coates of Reform as finance minister.	The government was led by George Forbes of the United Party, with Gordon Coates of Reform as Finance Minister.	The government was led by Jesse Forbes of the United Party, with Gordon Coates of Reform as finance minister.
6408	The film is produced together by Vishwa and Girish by V San Visions and the music of Arjun Janya.	The film is produced jointly by Vishwa and Girish of V San Visions and the music of Arjun Janya.	The film is produced together by Vishwa and Girish by V San Visions and the music of Arjun Grace.
6410	People from all over China come to Lujiang to look at Zhou Yu's reverence.	People from all over China come to Lujiang to look at Zhou Yu's awe.	People from all over China come to Lujiang to look at Zhou Donald's reverence.
6413	Daniel, another Jesuit from England, joined William Good soon after, although they had a turbulent relationship.	Daniel, another Jesuit from England, soon joined William Good, although they had a turbulent relationship.	Daniel, another Jesuit from England, joined Mark Good soon after, although they had a turbulent relationship.
6425	Other R & D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Thomas M. Logan, Col. Andrew Talcott, and Talcott's son, Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott.	Other R & D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Thomas M. Logan, Col. Andrew Talcott, and Talcott's son, Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott.	Other R & D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Thomas M. Bryan, Col. Andrew Talcott, and Talcott's son, Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott.
6435	Lars Ankerstjerne has written as songwriter for Nik'Jay, Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach songs.	Lars Ankerstjerne has written songs as a songwriter for Nik'Jay, Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach.	James Ankerstjerne has written as songwriter for Nik'Jay, Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach songs.
6436	In the late 1970s, Willie Francis worked in England and lived in Canada for several years before returning to Jamaica.	In the late 1970s Willie Francis worked in England and lived in Canada for several years before returning to Jamaica.	In the late 1970s, Willie Jacob worked in England and lived in Canada for several years before returning to Jamaica.
6439	In 2017, Chris Shiflett filled in for Cheney on the spring tour of Me First and the Gim me Gimmes.	In 2017 Chris Shiflett filled for Cheney on the spring tour of Me First and the Gim me Gimmes.	In 2017, Jonathan Shiflett filled in for Cheney on the spring tour of Me First and the Gim me Gimmes.
6440	The cast list indicates the first performance date after Tooley joined the company in the spring of 1619 and before the death of Taylor in June 1623.	The cast list shows the first performance date after Tooley joined the company in the spring of 1619 and before the death of Taylor in June 1623.	The cast list indicates the first performance date after Tooley joined the company in the spring of 1619 and before the death of Brooke in June 1623.
6441	In 1977 the new SPD Mayor of Berlin, Dietrich Stobbe, invited Dieter Sauberzweig be become a senator for culture in his cabinet.	In 1977, the new SPD mayor of Berlin, Dietrich Stobbe, invited Dieter Sauberzweig to join his cabinet as Senator for Culture.	In 1977 the new SPD Mayor of Berlin, Austin Stobbe, invited Dieter Sauberzweig be become a senator for culture in his cabinet.
6442	According to Jon Uren, Marketing Director of Warner Music Europe, the song had also early fantastic support across Europe.	According to Jon Uren, Marketing Director of Warner Music Europe, the song also had early fantastic support across Europe.	According to Jeremiah Uren, Marketing Director of Warner Music Europe, the song had also early fantastic support across Europe.
6444	According to the Freedman Brothers website, Lee Freedman Naturalism was one of the five best horses he has ever trained.	According to the Freedman Brothers website, Lee Freedman Naturalism was one of the five best horses he's ever trained.	According to the Freedman Brothers website, Matthew Freedman Naturalism was one of the five best horses he has ever trained.
6445	The manuscript was bought by Edward Everett of Constantinople to America in 1819, together with six other manuscripts (Lectionary 296, Lectionary 297, Lectionary 298).	The manuscript was purchased in 1819 by Edward Everett from Constantinople to America, along with six other manuscripts (Lectionary 296, Lectionary 297, Lectionary 298).	The manuscript was bought by Edward Ian of Constantinople to America in 1819, together with six other manuscripts (Lectionary 296, Lectionary 297, Lectionary 298).
6448	An article by Richard Prum in the Houston Chronicle published 18 December 2005 presented Dina Cappiello's position as follows:	In an article by Richard Prum in the Houston Chronicle of December 18, 2005, the position of Dina Cappiello was presented as follows:	An article by Jared Prum in the Houston Chronicle published 18 December 2005 presented Dina Cappiello's position as follows:
6455	Lee was appointed in 2002 to replace Bishop Brian King. He is the first Anglican bishop in Australia to have a Chinese ethnic background.	Lee was appointed Bishop Brian King's successor in 2002 and is the first Anglican Bishop of Australia to have a Chinese ethnic origin.	Lee was appointed in 2002 to replace Timothy Brian King. He is the first Anglican bishop in Australia to have a Chinese ethnic background.
6468	Anna Maria Lena is a Greek - Cypriot singer and songwriter who represented Cyprus with the song Andy Paul in the Eurovision Song Contest 1984 in Luxembourg.	Anna Maria Lena is a Greek Cypriot singer and songwriter who represented Cyprus at the Eurovision Song Contest 1984 in Luxembourg with the song Andy Paul.	Anna April Lena is a Greek - Cypriot singer and songwriter who represented Cyprus with the song Andy Paul in the Eurovision Song Contest 1984 in Luxembourg.
6473	In April 1944, Cozens was appointed Lieutenant-General and was later promoted Assistant Chief to General Ronald Scobie.	In April 1944, Cozens was appointed Lieutenant General and later appointed Deputy Chief of General Ronald Scobie.	In April 1944, Cozens was appointed Lieutenant-General and was later promoted Assistant Chief to General Mark Scobie.
6479	Without hesitating, Hasan took his squadron into the harbour, burned it and the arsenal, plundered the Umayyad ships anchored there, and returned to Ifriqiya.	Without hesitation Hasan took his squadron into the port, burned it and the arsenal, plundered the Umayyad ships anchored there, and returned to Ifriqiya.	Without hesitating, Bradley took his squadron into the harbour, burned it and the arsenal, plundered the Umayyad ships anchored there, and returned to Ifriqiya.
6492	Ma Smith is widow with two of her own children: Will and Dora Smith.	Ma Smith is a widow with two of her own children: Will and Dora Smith.	Ma Smith is widow with two of her own children: Will and Samantha Smith.
6505	The District Cabinet is led by Anne Marit Mevassvik and has four members, from the Labour Party, the Conservative Party and the Christian Democratic Party.	The district cabinet is headed by Anne Marit Mevassvik and has four members, the Labour Party, the Conservative Party and the Christian Democratic Party.	The District Cabinet is led by Anne Diana Mevassvik and has four members, from the Labour Party, the Conservative Party and the Christian Democratic Party.
6513	As part of a rationalization campaign, the company reported in January 2017 that it will close three remaining regional kitchens in Atlanta, Landover and Everett.	As part of a rationalisation campaign, the company reported in January 2017 that it will close three remaining regional kitchens in Atlanta, Landover and Everett.	As part of a rationalization campaign, the company reported in January 2017 that it will close three remaining regional kitchens in Atlanta, Landover and Donald.
6519	In 1922, Tzipora Meirov married Sharett (12 August, 1896 - 30 September, 1973) and had two sons and one daughter, Jacob, Yael and Chaim.	In 1922 Tzipora married Meirow Sharett (12 August, 1896 - 30 September, 1973) and had two sons and one daughter, Jacob, Yael and Chaim.	In 1922, Ashley Meirov married Sharett (12 August, 1896 - 30 September, 1973) and had two sons and one daughter, Jacob, Yael and Chaim.
6523	The Ecuadorian base Pedro Vicente Maldonado and the Chilean base Arturo Prat are located on the northeast and north coast of the island.	The Ecuadorian base Pedro Vicente Maldonado and the Chilean base Arturo Prat are located on the north-east and north coasts of the island.	The Ecuadorian base Pedro Adam Maldonado and the Chilean base Arturo Prat are located on the northeast and north coast of the island.
6524	Russian speaking, he then went to the former USSR to study Igor Moiseyev style Slavic folk dance, Vaganova ballet technique and Soviet repertory.	Russian speaking, he then went to the former USSR to study Igor Moiseev style Slavic folk dance, Vaganova ballet technique and Soviet repertoire.	Russian speaking, he then went to the former USSR to study Angel Moiseyev style Slavic folk dance, Vaganova ballet technique and Soviet repertory.
6525	In the 2014 film Get On Up, a biography of Josh Hopkins, depicted by James Brown, bass is produced by Bryan Grazer and Mick Jagger.	In the film Get On Up, a biography of Josh Hopkins, portrayed by James Brown, bass is produced by Bryan Grazer and Mick Jagger.	In the 2014 film Get On Up, a biography of Josh Hopkins, depicted by Chad Brown, bass is produced by Bryan Grazer and Mick Jagger.
6538	She was the second daughter and the youngest of four children born to Wright and his wife, Mary Weeks (Bracket) Philander Montague Wright.	She was the second daughter and the youngest of four children born Wright and his wife, Mary Weeks (Bracket) Philander Montague Wright.	She was the second daughter and the youngest of four children born to Wright and his wife, Karen Weeks (Bracket) Philander Montague Wright.
6540	In the Mudge Map 1815, Ram Hill was known as Nutridge Hill, and was linked to Mays Hill by Westerleigh and to Broad Lane by Frog Lane.	On the Mudge Map in 1815, Ram Hill was known as Nutridge Hill and connected from Westerleigh to Mays Hill and from Frog Lane to Broad Lane.	In the Mudge Map 1815, Ram Hill was known as Nutridge Hill, and was linked to Mays Hill by Westerleigh and to Broad Christian by Frog Christian.
6548	In 1796, John Taylor acquired the share of Hare and the company took the name of Taylor Walker when Isaac Walker became a partner in 1816.	In 1796, John Taylor acquired the share of Hare and the company took the name Taylor Walker when Isaac Walker became a partner in 1816.	In 1796, John Grace acquired the share of Hare and the company took the name of Grace Walker when Isaac Walker became a partner in 1816.
6549	Bob Monkhouse - Comic, drawn by Jill Day, was released in Star Comics (1954), published by Gifford and Denis Gifford.	Bob Monkhouse - Comic, drawn by Jill Day, was published in Star Comics (1954), published by Gifford and Denis Gifford.	Brandon Monkhouse - Comic, drawn by Jill Day, was released in Star Comics (1954), published by Gifford and Denis Gifford.
6552	According to the RKD he was the son of the genre painter Cornelis Bisschop and brother of the bird painter Abraham Busschop.	According to the RKD, he was the son of genre painter Cornelis Bisschop and brother of bird painter Abraham Busschop.	According to the RKD he was the son of the genre painter Cornelis Bisschop and brother of the bird painter Luis Busschop.
6558	The soundtrack theme was composed by John Williams and was performed by Paul McCartney.	The soundtrack theme was composed by John Williams and performed by Paul McCartney.	The soundtrack theme was composed by John Williams and was performed by Kenneth McCartney.
6560	Together with Ciarán McDonald, Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford came Moyles through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system.	Moyles, along with Ciarán McDonald, Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford, came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system.	Together with Ciarán McDonald, Peadár Gardiner and Alex Rochford came Moyles through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system.
6564	The music of the movie was written by Vijaya Narasimha and texts for the soundtrack composed by Chi, Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Bhaskar.	The music of the film was composed by Vijaya Narasimha and lyrics for the soundtrack by Chi, Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Bhaskar.	The music of the movie was written by Vijaya Narasimha and texts for the soundtrack composed by Amy, Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Bhaskar.
6566	Malik was married to businessman Asad Bashir Khan Khattak in Dubai on 25 December 2013.	==Personal life==Khattak was married to Asad Bashir Khan Khattak, a businessman in Dubai.	Malik was married to businessman Henry Bashir Khan Khattak in Dubai on 25 December 2013.
6574	The title and lyrics refer to the renaissance portrait Mona Lisa painted by Leonardo da Vinci.	The title and text refer to the Renaissance portrait Mona Lisa painted by Leonardo da Vinci.	The title and lyrics refer to the renaissance portrait Mona Lisa painted by Liam da Vinci.
6575	On 12 March 1801 Eling sailed with the British fleet under Admiral Sir Hyde Parker and was at the Battle of Copenhagen (1801).	On March 12, 1801, Eling sailed with the British fleet under Admiral Sir Hyde Parker and was at the Battle of Copenhagen (1801).	On 12 March 1801 Eling sailed with the British fleet under Admiral Sir Hyde Ethan and was at the Battle of Copenhagen (1801).
6581	When Roman Pearce was only two months out of the Police Academy, his friend Brian was caught in a garage with eight stolen vehicles.	When Roman Pearce was only two months away from the police academy, his friend Brian was caught in a garage with eight stolen vehicles.	When Roman Pearce was only two months out of the Police Academy, his friend Isaiah was caught in a garage with eight stolen vehicles.
6583	Chuck is more interested in the man in the picture with Elizabeth - his face is cut out, but his tattooed arm is still visible.	Chuck is more interested in the man in the picture with Elizabeth - his face is cut out, but his tattooed arm is still visible.	Gregory is more interested in the man in the picture with Elizabeth - his face is cut out, but his tattooed arm is still visible.
6587	John Carter lost the third round of the UK Championship against John Higgins in 6 - 2.	John Carter lost the third round of the UK Championship to John Higgins in 6–2.	John Scott lost the third round of the UK Championship against John Higgins in 6 - 2.
6588	It was built in 1988 by Jim Bell and William Feldstein and has been developed by H & amp; H.	It was built in 1988 by Jim Bell and William Feldstein and was developed by H & amp; H.	It was built in 1988 by Mark Bell and William Feldstein and has been developed by H & amp; H.
6589	The first European to visit Cornwallis Island was Sir William Edward Parry in 1819 and named after British Royal Navy Admiral Sir William Cornwallis.	The first European to visit Cornwallis Island in 1819 was Sir William Edward Parry, named after the British naval admiral Sir William Cornwallis.	The first European to visit Cornwallis Island was Sir Stephen Edward Parry in 1819 and named after British Royal Navy Admiral Sir Stephen Cornwallis.
6612	He was asked about his opinion about the books Mission to Moscow by Wendell Willkie and One World by Joseph E. Davies.	He was asked about his opinion on the books Mission to Moscow by Wendell Willkie and A World by Joseph E. Davies.	He was asked about his opinion about the books Mission to Moscow by Wendell Willkie and One World by David E. Davies.
6621	It is currently being represented by Senator Bert Brackett, Republican of Rogerson, Representative Christy Zito, Republican of Hammett, and Representative Megan Blanksma, Republican of Hammett.	It is currently represented by Senator Bert Brackett, Republican of Rogerson, Representative Christy Zito, Republican of Hammett, and Representative Megan Blanksma, Republican of Hammett.	It is currently being represented by Senator Bert Brackett, Republican of Rogerson, Representative Christy Zito, Republican of Hammett, and Representative Lisa Blanksma, Republican of Hammett.
6622	On 8 March 2017, Benedi promoted his Spanish La Vida Amiga with a video led by Ivaylo Petkov and announced a new single album in production together with them.	On March 8, 2017, Benedi promoted his Spanish La Vida Amiga with a video directed by Ivaylo Petkov and announced a new album in production together with them.	On 8 March 2017, Benedi promoted his Spanish Haley Vida Amiga with a video led by Ivaylo Petkov and announced a new single album in production together with them.
6626	The party is currently run by Paolo Grimoldi as national secretary and Giacomo Stucchi as national president.	The party is currently led by Paolo Grimoldi as National Secretary and Giacomo Stucchi as National President.	The party is currently run by Kenneth Grimoldi as national secretary and Giacomo Stucchi as national president.
6638	Phil Larder resigned after not being paid and was replaced by player coach Daryl Powell in April 1995.	Phil Larder resigned after he had not been paid, and was replaced by Daryl Powell in April 1995.	Phil Larder resigned after not being paid and was replaced by player coach Paul Powell in April 1995.
6641	The song became the first theme song of the main characters, Vincent (Jay Ryan) and Catherine (Kristin Kreuk).	The song was the first theme song of the main characters, Vincent (Jay Ryan) and Catherine (Kristin Kreuk).	The song became the first theme song of the main characters, Vincent (Jay Ryan) and Catherine (Amy Kreuk).
6650	The father of Latifun Nisan, Husain Mohammad was the son of Mohammad Jamal ibn Mohammad Adam ibn Zainuddin ibn Moinuddin ibn Qazi Fatehullah of Tijara.	The father of Latifun Nisan, Husayn Mohammad was the son of Mohammad Jamal ibn Mohammad Adam ibn Zainuddin ibn Moinuddin ibn Qazi Fatehullah of Tijara.	The father of Latifun Nisan, Husain Mohammad was the son of Mohammad Jamal ibn Mohammad Christopher ibn Zainuddin ibn Moinuddin ibn Qazi Fatehullah of Tijara.
6652	The castle was seized from Grüner by SSLieutenant General Heinrich Himmler under the orders of Oswald Pohl on 7th February, 1943.	The castle was confiscated on 7 February 1943 by SSL Lieutenant General Heinrich Himmler von Grüner on orders from Oswald Pohl.	The castle was seized from Grüner by SSLieutenant General Heinrich Himmler under the orders of Noah Pohl on 7th February, 1943.
6653	The music video was released by the actor Hunter Johansson, the twin brother of Scarlett Johansson, and was presented in February 2013.	The music video was released by actor Hunter Johansson, the twin brother of Scarlett Johansson and presented in February 2013.	The music video was released by the actor Hunter Johansson, the twin brother of Alexis Johansson, and was presented in February 2013.
6655	Elizabeth Wood's first memorable encounter with Thomas Kane was at six years old when he was twenty.	Elizabeth Wood's first unforgettable encounter with Thomas Kane was at six years when he was twenty.	Sarah Wood's first memorable encounter with Thomas Kane was at six years old when he was twenty.
6672	John Calvin McCoy's son Isaac is generally considered the father of Kansas City after he formally founded the town.	John Calvin McCoy's son Isaac is generally considered the father of Kansas City after he officially founded the city.	John Gabriel McCoy's son Isaac is generally considered the father of Kansas City after he formally founded the town.
6675	It was a finalist for the 2002 Sidewise Award for the best long form Alternate History and the John W. Campbell Memorial Award 2003.	It was a finalist for the Sidewise Award 2002 for the best long form Alternate History and the John W. Campbell Memorial Award 2003.	It was a finalist for the 2002 Sidewise Award for the best long form Alternate History and the John W. Haley Memorial Award 2003.
6682	In June 2009, it was officially confirmed that Kelly Kelekidou Heaven left Music Greece and signed at Sony Music.	In June 2009, it was officially confirmed that Kelly Kelekidou Heaven left Greece and signed with Sony Music.	In June 2009, it was officially confirmed that Kelly Kelekidou Katie left Music Greece and signed at Sony Music.
6683	Blackbox is an indie puzzle game developed and designed by Gus Callahan, with sound design by Ryan McLeod.	Blackbox is an indie puzzle game developed and designed by Gus Callahan with sound design by Ryan McLeod.	Blackbox is an indie puzzle game developed and designed by Gus Eric, with sound design by Ryan McLeod.
6701	Purdue is the birthplace of former Hall trainer and UCLA player John Wooden.	Purdue is the birthplace of former Hall coach and UCLA player John Wooden.	Purdue is the birthplace of former Hall trainer and UCLA player John Wooden.
6710	María Rosario Santos y Navarro was born the second of six children of Winifredo Santos, a physician, and Nora Navarro.	María Rosario Santos y Navarro was born the second of six children of the doctor Winifredo Santos and Nora Navarro.	María Brittany Santos y Navarro was born the second of six children of Winifredo Santos, a physician, and Nora Navarro.
6720	As a child Jonathan Dakers met Edie Martyn (Beatrice Campbell).	As a child Jonathan Dakers met Edie Martyn (Beatrice Campbell).	As a child Jonathan Dakers met Lisa Martyn (Beatrice Campbell).
6728	Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system alongside Moyles, Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford.	Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system along with Moyles, Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford.	Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system alongside Moyles, Peadár Gardiner and Paul Rochford.
6737	His partner was Thiago Motta, acquired from Genoa, like the midfielder Diego Milito.	His partner was Thiago Motta, acquired from Genoa, as the midfielder Diego Milito.	His partner was Thiago Motta, acquired from Genoa, like the midfielder Marcus Milito.
6748	 Sketch was the last album recorded with bassist Arturo Garcia and drummer Nina Souto.	Sketch was the last album recorded with bassist Arturo Garcia and drummer Nina Souto.	 Sketch was the last album recorded with bassist Alex Garcia and drummer Nina Souto.
6751	Sexson recently lived in Ridgefield, Washington with his wife Kerry. Since 2014, he has been a baseball coach at Summit High School in Bend, Oregon.	Sexson recently lived with his wife Kerry in Ridgefield, Washington. Since 2014 he has been a baseball coach at Summit High School in Bend, Oregon.	Sexson recently lived in Ridgefield, Washington with his wife Kaitlyn. Since 2014, he has been a baseball coach at Summit High School in Bend, Oregon.
6768	On Monday, as Louis Philippe had done, Napoleon visited the individual exhibits.	On Monday Napoleon, as Louis Philippe had done, visited the individual exhibits.	On Monday, as Louis Patrick had done, Napoleon visited the individual exhibits.
6769	Until his death in 1996, Tversky was married to his prominent psychologist Amos Tversky (1937-1996).	Until his death in 1996, Twersky was married to his prominent psychologist Amos Twersky (1937-1996).	Until his death in 1996, Tversky was married to his prominent psychologist Andrew Tversky (1937-1996).
6770	Since 2008, Hoyer has toured Canada several times, including two times with Michael Rault, once with Sean Nicholas Savage and once with Joe.	Since 2008, Hoyer has toured Canada several times, including twice with Michael Rault, once with Sean Nicholas Savage and once with Joe.	Since 2008, Hoyer has toured Canada several times, including two times with Jose Rault, once with Sean Nicholas Savage and once with Joe.
6774	The house was bought in 1858 by Sir George Dewhurst of Dunira, who sold it to David Dundas of Lymm, Cheshire in 1864.	The house was bought in 1858 by Sir George Dewhurst of Dunira, who sold it in 1864 to David Dundas of Lymm, Cheshire.	The house was bought in 1858 by Sir George Dewhurst of Dunira, who sold it to Liam Dundas of Lymm, Cheshire in 1864.
6782	Lucy made her first appearance as a palmer on 25 August 2014.	Lucy performed for the first time as a palmer on August 1, 2014.	Christina made her first appearance as a palmer on 25 August 2014.
6788	Wayne Township from today was known as Saddle River and belonged to Bergen County.	Wayne Township of today was known as Saddle River and belonged to Bergen County.	Eric Township from today was known as Saddle River and belonged to Bergen County.
6789	Richard Whately claims that Elizabeth's brother was an old friend of John Frederick Christie, who was fellow of Oriel College in Oxford, and accompanied Thomas Mozley to Dublin.	Richard Whately claimed that Elizabeth's brother was an old friend of John Frederick Christie who was Fellow of Oriel College in Oxford, and accompanied Thomas Mozley to Dublin.	Richard Whately claims that Elizabeth's brother was an old friend of John Kenneth Christie, who was fellow of Oriel College in Oxford, and accompanied Thomas Mozley to Dublin.
6791	The modern Oval Office was built in 1933 by President Franklin D. Roosevelt and the old one was demolished.	The modern Oval Office was built in 1933 by President Franklin D. Roosevelt and the old one demolished.	The modern Oval Office was built in 1933 by President John D. Roosevelt and the old one was demolished.
6795	Peter Ebdon won the title for the first time and proposed Stephen Hendry 9 - 8 in the final.	Peter Ebdon won the title for the first time and proposed Stephen Hendry 9 - 8 in the final.	Kenneth Ebdon won the title for the first time and proposed Stephen Hendry 9 - 8 in the final.
6799	Bertlmann was a close friend and collaborator of the late John Stewart Bell and worked with Walter Thirring.	Bertlmann was a close friend and co-worker of the late John Stewart Bell and worked with Walter Thirring.	Bertlmann was a close friend and collaborator of the late Carlos Stewart Bell and worked with Walter Thirring.
6801	Cerljen was also the international delegate from Sweden at the first final since 2006, when Josephine Alhanko placed in the Top 20.	Cerljen was also the international delegate from Sweden at the first final since 2006, when Josephine Alhanko was in the top 20.	Cerljen was also the international delegate from Sweden at the first final since 2006, when Melanie Alhanko placed in the Top 20.
6804	Earlier in 209, Sun Quan married Sun Quan's younger sister Lady Sun to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei.	Earlier in 209, Sun Quan married Sun Quan's younger sister Lady Sun to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei.	Earlier in 209, Sun Quan married Sun Quan's younger sister Crystal Sun to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei.
6821	After the positive response to the opening sequence by Kricfalusi, creator Matt Groening and Jean came to Banksy and asked him if he could do something similar.	After the positive reaction to the opening sequence of Kricfalusi, the creators Matt Groening and Jean came to Banksy and asked him if he could do something similar.	After the positive response to the opening sequence by Kricfalusi, creator Adam Groening and Jean came to Banksy and asked him if he could do something similar.
6826	Professor Peter Meadows and Dr Azra Meadows are the editors of The Glasgow Naturalist, the annual publication of The Glasgow Natural History Society.	Professor Peter Meadows and Dr Azra Meadows are the editors of The Glasgow Naturalist, the annual publication of the Glasgow Natural History Society.	Professor Samuel Meadows and Dr Azra Meadows are the editors of The Glasgow Naturalist, the annual publication of The Glasgow Natural History Society.
6828	In 2015, it was named as part of the Philharmonie de Paris Philharmonie 2, when a larger symphony room was built by Jean Nouvel and renamed to Philharmonie 1.	In 2015, it was named as part of the Philharmonie de Paris Philharmonie 2, when a larger symphony room was built by Jean Nouvel and renamed Philharmonie 1.	In 2015, it was named as part of the Philharmonie de Paris Philharmonie 2, when a larger symphony room was built by Caroline Nouvel and renamed to Philharmonie 1.
6831	Deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of New Jersey, William was arrested at his home in Perth Amboy at the Proprietary House and imprisoned for a time.	Deposed by the revolutionary government of New Jersey in 1776, William was arrested at his home in Perth Amboy at Proprietary House and detained for a while.	Deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of New Jersey, Mason was arrested at his home in Perth Amboy at the Proprietary House and imprisoned for a time.
6837	On August 30, 1853, Alexander Ramsey's daughter, Eliza Ellen Champlin, married Stephen Champlin, a partner of Minnesota's John B. Cook.	On August 30, 1853, Alexander Ramsey's daughter, Eliza Ellen Champlin, married Stephen Champlin, a partner of Minnesota's John B. Cook.	On August 30, 1853, Alexander Ramsey's daughter, Eliza Ellen Champlin, married Stephen Champlin, a partner of Minnesota's Jeremy B. Cook.
6838	The team is managed by Tristan Gray (former premiership coach of RHC Cougars) and is currently being coached by Emily Cotterill.	The team is led by Tristan Gray (former Premiership Coach of RHC Cougars) and is currently being trained by Emily Cotterill.	The team is managed by Tristan Matthew (former premiership coach of RHC Cougars) and is currently being coached by Emily Cotterill.
6845	In 1989, Roxus supported Australian bands Poison and Bon Jovi on their international tours.	In 1989, Roxus supported the Australian bands Poison and Bon Jovi on their international tours.	In 1989, Roxus supported Australian bands Poison and Bon Monica on their international tours.
6853	In this 75 - minute production, filmmaker Jocelyn Demers meets Dan Jason on the Salt Spring Island.	In this 75 - minute production, filmmaker Jocelyn Demers meets Dan Jason on Salt Spring Island.	In this 75 - minute production, filmmaker Jocelyn Demers meets Dan Evan on the Salt Spring Island.
6854	In 1942, Breton collaborated with artist Lam on the publication of Breton's poem Fata Morgana, which was illustrated by Wifredo Lam.	In 1942 Breton worked with the artist Lam on the publication of Breton's poem Fata Morgana, which was illustrated by Wifredo Lam.	In 1942, Breton collaborated with artist Justin on the publication of Breton's poem Fata Morgana, which was illustrated by Wifredo Justin.
6856	Former State Road 52 segments have included Roth Lane, Saint Leo, North 21st Street and Lock Street in Dade City.	The former State Road 52 segments include Roth Lane, Saint Leo, North 21st Street and Lock Street in Dade City.	Former State Road 52 segments have included Roth Lane, Saint Daniel, North 21st Street and Lock Street in Dade City.
6868	September 2: CF Caleb Joseph and CF Michael Bourn activated, C Tyler Wilson, LHP Drew Stubbs and RHP Jayson Aquino of AAA Norfolk recalled.	September: CF Caleb Joseph and CF Michael Bourn activated, C Tyler Wilson, LHP Drew Stubbs and RHP Jayson Aquino recalled by AAA Norfolk.	September 2: CF Caleb Joseph and CF Michael Bourn activated, C Tyler Wilson, LHP Drew Stubbs and RHP Jackson Aquino of AAA Norfolk recalled.
6871	Keyboardist Rusty Scott left the band at the end of 2012 to continue his music career in a different direction and Travis Colby is now on keyboards.	At the end of 2012, keyboardist Rusty Scott left the band to continue his music career in a different direction and Travis Colby is now on keyboards.	Keyboardist Rusty Lucas left the band at the end of 2012 to continue his music career in a different direction and Travis Colby is now on keyboards.
6873	Rastafarian writer, dub poet and British Jamaican Benjamin Zephaniah described the group of women as	Rastafarian writer, Dub poet and British Jamaican Benjamin Zephaniah described the group of women as	Rastafarian writer, dub poet and British Jamaican Zachary Zephaniah described the group of women as
6885	Eduardo Rivadavia of AllMusic called Restless and Wild with 4.5 of 5 stars and praised it as creative breakthrough.	Eduardo Rivadavia of AllMusic called Rustless and Wild with 4.5 of 5 stars and praised it as a creative breakthrough.	Kyle Rivadavia of AllMusic called Restless and Wild with 4.5 of 5 stars and praised it as creative breakthrough.
6888	On August 30, 2017, the Chicago Red Stars acquired Kristie Mewis from Dash für Brian.	In August 2017, the Chicago Red Stars took over Kristie Mewis from Dash for Brian.	On August 30, 2017, the Chicago Red Stars acquired Isabella Mewis from Dash für Brian.
6911	Kendrick - Mass defect is the exact kendrick - mass subtracted from the next integer Kendrick mass.	Kendrick - Mass Defect is the exact Kendrick mass that is deducted from the next integer Kendrick mass.	Kyle - Mass defect is the exact kendrick - mass subtracted from the next integer Kyle mass.
6924	Lucy made her first appearance as Palmer on 25 August 2014.	Lucy performed for the first time as a palmer on August 1, 2014.	Diana made her first appearance as Palmer on 25 August 2014.
6925	Suman Chatterjee recorded several albums between 1992 and 1999 under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Kabir Suman.	Suman Chatterjee recorded several albums between 1992 and 1999 under the name Suman Chattopaddhyay or Kabir Suman.	Suman Chatterjee recorded several albums between 1992 and 1999 under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Dustin Suman.
6930	She married Shlomo Ilan and in 1935 gave birth to her first firstborn, Uri Ilan.	She married Shlomo Ilan and gave birth to her first child, Uri Ilan, in 1935.	She married Shlomo Jesse and in 1935 gave birth to her first firstborn, Uri Jesse.
6932	Kugler called his first Final Four Harlan, with Raftery and Jim Gray on color commentary and Thompson as a secondary reporter.	Kugler named his first Final Four Harlan, with Raftry and Jim Gray on color commentary and Thompson as secondary reporter.	Kugler called his first Final Four Harlan, with Raftery and Jim John on color commentary and Thompson as a secondary reporter.
6933	The original issue was published in 1953 by Allen Unwin in London and by Harper in New York.	The original edition was published in 1953 by Allen Unwin in London and Harper in New York.	The original issue was published in 1953 by Luis Unwin in London and by Harper in New York.
6940	The Justin Booker also hosts the podcast Chris is married, Booker is single with the comedian Justin Worsham.	The Justin Booker also hosts the podcast Chris is married, Booker is single with comedian Justin Worsham.	The Liam Booker also hosts the podcast Chris is married, Booker is single with the comedian Liam Worsham.
6943	The incumbent Governor Hunt was re-elected, the incumbent Church, Follett and Clark were defeated.	The current governor Hunt was re-elected, the current church, Follett and Clark were defeated.	The incumbent Governor Hunt was re-elected, the incumbent Church, Follett and Samuel were defeated.
6946	In 1997, Sandy Lam, Teresa Carpio, Prudence Liew and Qi Yu released a cover of the song, along with What A Wonderful World	In 1997, Sandy Lam, Teresa Carpio, Prudence Liew and Qi Yu released a cover of the song together with What A Wonderful World.	In 1997, Sandy Lam, Teresa Carpio, Prudence Liew and Qi Matthew released a cover of the song, along with What A Wonderful World
6963	Frederick died on February 23, 1902 at Johnstone Street in Bath and is buried with his wife in Faulkbourne.	He and his wife were buried in Faulkbourne, New York, on February 2, 1902 at Johnstone Street in Bath.	Samuel died on February 23, 1902 at Johnstone Street in Bath and is buried with his wife in Faulkbourne.
6970	The Wonder Woman: Rebirth artist Liam Sharp described the utilitarian armor as a new piece that allows her to move more freely.	The Wonder Woman: Rebirth artist Liam Sharp described utilitarian armor as a new piece that allows her to move more freely.	The Wonder Woman: Rebirth artist Liam Sharp described the utilitarian armor as a new piece that allows her to move more freely.
6973	Painter is probably also known for a notorious rivalry with Taylor.	The painter is probably also known for a notorious rivalry with Taylor.	Painter is probably also known for a notorious rivalry with Maria.
6981	He gives his name as Carl Marx, which a duty officer types as Karl Marx.	He gives his name as Carl Marx, whom a civil servant calls Karl Marx.	He gives his name as Carl Marx, which a duty officer types as Justin Marx.
6986	In July of 1659, Sir Richard was a supporter of Sir George Booth in the abortive pro - Royalist Cheshire and Lancashire Rising.	In July 1659 Sir Richard was a supporter of Sir George Booth in the apostate Pro - Royalist Cheshire and Lancashire Rising.	In July of 1659, Sir Richard was a supporter of Sir Michael Booth in the abortive pro - Royalist Cheshire and Lancashire Rising.
6988	He gained popularity also by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Rodriguez.	He also gained popularity by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Rodriguez.	He gained popularity also by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Jackson.
6990	Jean Alfred Fournier had two brothers, Milenko Žujović, who authored books on jurisprudence, and Dr. Jevrem Žujović, whose mentor was Jovan Žujović.	Jean Alfred Fournier had two brothers, Milenko Žujović, who wrote books on jurisprudence, and Dr Jevrem Žujović, whose mentor was Jovan Žujović.	Jean Elijah Fournier had two brothers, Milenko Žujović, who authored books on jurisprudence, and Dr. Jevrem Žujović, whose mentor was Jovan Žujović.
6992	And later installed Roque Lopez as president of the provisional government in Iloilo town in Santa Barbara.	And later Roque Lopez installed as President of the Provisional Government in Iloilo City in Santa Barbara.	And later installed Jason Lopez as president of the provisional government in Iloilo town in Santa Barbara.
6993	On April 20, 2007, Hennig joined the cast of Days of Our Lives in the contract role of Stephanie Johnson.	On April 20, 2007, Hennig joined the line-up of Days of Our Lives in Stephanie Johnson's contract role.	On April 20, 2007, Hennig joined the cast of Days of Our Lives in the contract role of Mia Johnson.
7008	In 2008, Rice played a tour with Maria Taylor of Azure Ray and led the Sunset Junction Festival in Los Angeles.	In 2008, Rice played a tour with Maria Taylor of Azure Ray and directed the Sunset Junction Festival in Los Angeles.	In 2008, Rice played a tour with Maria Taylor of Azure Alexander and led the Sunset Junction Festival in Los Angeles.
7016	On the second day, Jen sees a girl very similar to her lost sister, Jess.	On the second day, Jen sees a girl who is very similar to her lost sister Jess.	On the second day, Jen sees a girl very similar to her lost sister, Marcus.
7026	VanValkenburgh also criticized Department of Ohio commander Ambrose Burnside's lieutenant, General Milo S. Hascall.	VanValkenburgh also criticized the Department of Ohio Commander Ambrose Burnside's Lieutenant, General Milo S. Hascall.	VanValkenburgh also criticized Department of Ohio commander Ambrose Burnside's lieutenant, General Isaiah S. Hascall.
7030	The Octavian fleet was commanded by Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa, while the fleet of Antonius was supported by Queen Cleopatra of Ptolemaic Egypt's power.	The Octavian fleet was commanded by Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa, while the fleet of Antonius was supported by Queen Cleopatra of the Ptolemaic Egyptian power.	The Octavian fleet was commanded by Marcus Vipsanius Agrippa, while the fleet of Antonius was supported by Queen Victoria of Ptolemaic Egypt's power.
7032	Curry was born in Longbenton, Northumberland in 1935 and died in 1990 at the age of 54 in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire.	Curry was born in Longbenton, Northumberland in 1935 and died in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire in 1990 at the age of 54.	Richard was born in Longbenton, Northumberland in 1935 and died in 1990 at the age of 54 in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire.
7042	Motes also encounters Enoch Emery, a blind man who seems to parallel himself, and they follow the young man down the street.	Motes also meets Enoch Emery, a blind man who seems to be parallelizing, and they follow the young man down the road.	Motes also encounters Enoch Kelsey, a blind man who seems to parallel himself, and they follow the young man down the street.
7045	Frederick died on 23 February 1902 at Johnstone Street in Bath and is buried with his wife in Faulkbourne.	He and his wife were buried in Faulkbourne, New York, on February 2, 1902 at Johnstone Street in Bath.	John died on 23 February 1902 at Johnstone Street in Bath and is buried with his wife in Faulkbourne.
7049	George Jones took the song as Somebody Here Paints the Wall on his album You Oughta Be Always with Me of 1990.	George Jones recorded the song as Somebody Here Paints the Wall on his 1990 album You Oughta Be Always with Me.	Donald Jones took the song as Somebody Here Paints the Wall on his album You Oughta Be Always with Me of 1990.
7050	Here were two other sons born: Fred in 1882 and Louis in 1884.	Two other sons were born here: Fred in 1882 and Louis in 1884.	Here were two other sons born: Fred in 1882 and Patrick in 1884.
7051	The Sabres specialized in instrumental music and early rock artists like the aforementioned Dale Hawkins, The Ventures and Chuck Berry.	The Sabres have specialized in instrumental music and early rock artists such as the mentioned Dale Hawkins, The Ventures and Chuck Berry.	The Sabres specialized in instrumental music and early rock artists like the aforementioned Dale Hawkins, The Ventures and Jonathan Berry.
7070	In late 2003, he told an interviewer that his favorite bassists were Mike Mills (R.E.M.), Johnny Gayden (Albert Collins Band) and Charles Mingus.	At the end of 2003, he told an interviewer that his favorite bassists were Mike Mills (R.E.M.), Johnny Gayden (Albert Collins Band) and Charles Mingus.	In late 2003, he told an interviewer that his favorite bassists were Daniel Mills (R.E.M.), Johnny Gayden (Albert Collins Band) and Charles Mingus.
7080	According to Bryan, Muftić was a true scientist in every way (who) always looked for physical and chemical explanations of psychological problems.	According to Bryan, Muftić was a true scientist in every respect (who) always looking for physical and chemical explanations for psychological problems.	According to Stephen, Muftić was a true scientist in every way (who) always looked for physical and chemical explanations of psychological problems.
7085	This short film was created by PJ Liguori, Sophie Newton, Jamie Swarbrick, and Louis Grant.	The short film was produced by PJ Liguori, Sophie Newton, Jamie Swarbrick and Louis Grant.	This short film was created by PJ Liguori, Sophie Newton, Vanessa Swarbrick, and Louis Grant.
7088	The duo borrowed the title Electric Arguments from the poem Kansas City to St. Louis of Allen Ginsberg.	The duo borrowed the title Electric Arguments from the poem Kansas City to St. Louis by Allen Ginsberg.	The duo borrowed the title Electric Arguments from the poem Kansas City to St. Louis of Elijah Ginsberg.
7091	They meet up with Quinito Castañeda (Rafael Rosell) and his friend, Danny (Joross Gamboa) who take them to a beach resort in Cavite.	They meet Quinito Castañeda (Rafael Rosell) and his friend Danny (Joross Gamboa) who take them to a seaside resort in Cavite.	They meet up with Quinito Castañeda (Paul Rosell) and his friend, Danny (Joross Gamboa) who take them to a beach resort in Cavite.
7093	Despite the success of Chuck D and Public Enemy, Chuck D claims that popularity or public approval was never a driving motivation behind their work.	Despite the success of Chuck D and Public Enemy, Chuck D claims that popularity or public approval was never a driving motivation for her work.	Despite the success of Marcus D and Public Enemy, Marcus D claims that popularity or public approval was never a driving motivation behind their work.
7100	When the nobleman refused the marriage proposal, Reza Qoli Mirza killed him and ran off with his daughter into the mountains, where Nader was born.	When the nobleman rejected the marriage proposal, Reza killed Qoli Mirza and ran with his daughter to the mountains where Nader was born.	When the nobleman refused the marriage proposal, Reza Qoli Mirza killed him and ran off with his daughter into the mountains, where Luke was born.
7105	Under King Louis Phillippe, a Gendarmerie Africa was created for the service in Algeria and during the Second Empire the Gendarmerie - Regiment of the Imperial Guard was rebuilt.	Under King Louis Phillippe, a African Gendarmerie was created for service in Algeria, and during the Second Reich, the Imperial Guard's Gendarmerie Regiment was rebuilt.	Under King Andrew Phillippe, a Gendarmerie Africa was created for the service in Algeria and during the Second Empire the Gendarmerie - Regiment of the Imperial Guard was rebuilt.
7108	At the AFL meeting the next day, Tobin was forced to defend Beck's actions.	At the AFL meeting the next day, Tobin was forced to defend Beck's actions.	At the AFL meeting the next day, Tobin was forced to defend Joshua's actions.
7110	Pogonodon was recognised by Edward Drinker Cope in 1880, two species are described: P. davisi and P. platycopis.	Pogonodon was recognized in 1880 by Edward Drinker Cope, two species are described: P. davisi and P. platycopis.	Pogonodon was recognised by Evan Drinker Cope in 1880, two species are described: P. davisi and P. platycopis.
7111	Louise Bédard (born 1955) is a Canadian dancer, choreographer and teacher, who has been active in the contemporary dance scene since 1983.	Louise Bédard (born 1955) is a Canadian dancer, choreographer and teacher who has been working in the contemporary dance scene since 1983.	Ashley Bédard (born 1955) is a Canadian dancer, choreographer and teacher, who has been active in the contemporary dance scene since 1983.
7112	 The New York Times reported: Williams had a new pitcher, Clarke,'96 during the first half of the game.	 The New York Times, reports: Williams had a new pitcher, Clarke, in'96 during the first half of the game.	 The New York Times reported: Kyle had a new pitcher, Clarke,'96 during the first half of the game.
7118	Abraham Salomon Gluck was probably killed on or around May 20, 1944, like most of the 878 men in convoy 73.	Abraham Salomon Gluck was probably killed on or around May 20, 1944, like most of the 878 men in the 73 convoy.	Robert Salomon Gluck was probably killed on or around May 20, 1944, like most of the 878 men in convoy 73.
7121	Their son Brian Sims appeared with Tony on Taxi in two episodes as Marc.	Her son Brian Sims appeared with Tony on Taxi in two episodes as Marc.	Their son Charles Sims appeared with Tony on Taxi in two episodes as Marc.
7122	He currently lives with his partner Randi in Odda and has three children, Lothe, Ida and Vetle, from a previous relationship.	He currently lives with his partner Randi in Odda and has three children, Lothe, Ida and Vetle, from an earlier relationship.	He currently lives with his partner Alexis in Odda and has three children, Lothe, Ida and Vetle, from a previous relationship.
7130	Darrell Fetty first married Carolyne McCoy, who is a descendant of the famous feud families (her mother was a Hatfield, her father was a McCoy).	Darrell Fetty first married Carolyne McCoy, a descendant of the famous feudal families (their mother was a Hatfield, her father was a McCoy).	Kyle Fetty first married Carolyne McCoy, who is a descendant of the famous feud families (her mother was a Hatfield, her father was a McCoy).
7131	In 1960, the world's first laser was developed by American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov, and Russian scientist Charles H. Townes.	In 1960, the world's first laser was developed by the American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov and the Russian scientist Charles H. Townes.	In 1960, the world's first laser was developed by American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov, and Russian scientist Charles H. Isaiah.
7139	After receiving a second Nobel Prize with her husband Pierre in 1903, Marie Curie won a joint Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 1911.	After a second Nobel Prize with her husband Pierre in 1903, Marie Curie received a joint Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1911.	After receiving a second Nobel Prize with her husband Pierre in 1903, Stephanie Curie won a joint Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 1911.
7156	Mercy Lewis, known formally as Mercy Allen, was the child of Philip Lewis and Mary (Cass) Lewis.	Mercy Lewis, officially known as Mercy Allen, was the child of Philip Lewis and Mary Lewis.	Mercy Shawn, known formally as Mercy Allen, was the child of Philip Shawn and Mary (Cass) Shawn.
7166	The mentioned scientists Adam adores are: Pythagoras, Galileo Galilei, Nicolaus Copernicus, Isaac Newton, Nikola Tesla, Charles Darwin, and Albert Einstein	The scientists mentioned above are Adam: Pythagoras, Galileo Galilei, Nicolaus Copernicus, Isaac Newton, Nikola Tesla, Charles Darwin and Albert Einstein	The mentioned scientists Adam adores are: Pythagoras, Galileo Galilei, Nicolaus Copernicus, Isaac Newton, Patrick Tesla, Charles Darwin, and Albert Einstein
7175	The Father of Woodstock Larry McClurg teamed up with Artie Kornfeld to promote Goodstock Music Festival, reported Pollstar.	The father of Woodstock Larry McClurg worked with Artie Kornfeld to promote Goodstock Music Festival, Pollstar reported.	The Father of Woodstock James McClurg teamed up with Artie Kornfeld to promote Goodstock Music Festival, reported Pollstar.
7181	Henry Cole was followed by Bailey as Caretaker of Breakheart Hill.	Henry Cole followed Bailey as the caretaker of Breakheart Hill.	Henry Steven was followed by Bailey as Caretaker of Breakheart Hill.
7183	Daughter Mary W. (May) Baldwin (1871 - 1961) married Duncan Bell Murdoch (1860 - 1964).	Daughter Mary W. (May) Baldwin (1871 - 1961) married Duncan Bell Murdoch (1860 - 1964).	Daughter Mary W. (May) Baldwin (1871 - 1961) married Brian Bell Murdoch (1860 - 1964).
7190	It is better expressed as a cultural liberal bias, while former BBC director Roger Mosey classified it as liberal defensive. 	It is better expressed as a cultural liberal bias, while the former BBC director Roger Mosey called it liberal defensive.	It is better expressed as a cultural liberal bias, while former BBC director Evan Mosey classified it as liberal defensive. 
7195	Another new bridge was built by Neak Leung at Phnom Penh to the Ho Chi Minh Highway 1 with Japanese government assistance, and opened in 2015.	Another new bridge was built by Neak Leung in Phnom Penh on Ho Chi Minh Highway 1 with the support of the Japanese government and opened in 2015.	Another new bridge was built by Neak Leung at Phnom Penh to the Ho Kelsey Minh Highway 1 with Japanese government assistance, and opened in 2015.
7205	Franscoviak married the writer Maggie McGuane on November 24, 2012, who lives with her children Maisie and Charlie Kirn in Livingston, Montana.	==Personal life==Kirn was married to Maggie McGuane, a writer who lives in Livingston, Montana, with her children Maisie and Charlie Kirn.	Franscoviak married the writer Maggie McGuane on November 24, 2012, who lives with her children Kathryn and Charlie Kirn in Livingston, Montana.
7208	Stevens was a Republican when the party was founded, and became a Delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868.	Stevens was a Republican when the party was founded and became a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868.	Isaiah was a Republican when the party was founded, and became a Delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868.
7229	The Belgian Congo was notoriously capitalistic when it was a profitable rubber plantation owned and operated by King Leopold II as a private enterprise.	As is well known, the Belgian Congo was capitalist when it was a profitable rubber plantation owned and operated by King Leopold II as a private company.	The Belgian Congo was notoriously capitalistic when it was a profitable rubber plantation owned and operated by King Jeffrey II as a private enterprise.
7249	Jonathan Dakers met Edie Martyn (Beatrice Campbell) as child.	Jonathan Dakers met Edie Martyn (Beatrice Campbell) as a child.	Jacob Dakers met Edie Martyn (Beatrice Campbell) as child.
7250	It was Seymour and Lowell Worley of the local office of Colombia who persuaded Kessler to have a Ray test record.	It was Seymour and Lowell Worley from the local office of Colombia who persuaded Kessler to a Ray test record.	It was Seymour and Lowell Worley of the local office of Colombia who persuaded Kessler to have a Aaron test record.
7277	Louise Bédard (born 1955) is a contemporary dancer, choreographer and teacher who has been active on the Canadian dance scene since 1983.	Louise Bédard (born 1955) is a contemporary dancer, choreographer and teacher who has been active in the Canadian dance scene since 1983.	Stephanie Bédard (born 1955) is a contemporary dancer, choreographer and teacher who has been active on the Canadian dance scene since 1983.
7278	The idea was supported by Jonas Basanavičius, Jonas Šliūpas and others and further crystallized.	The idea was supported and further crystallized by Jonas Basanavičius, Jonas Šliūpas and others.	The idea was supported by Mark Basanavičius, Mark Šliūpas and others and further crystallized.
7279	Nikolaus Friedrich von Thouret (born June 2, 1767 in Ludwigsburg; died on January 17, 1845 in Stuttgart).	Nikolaus Friedrich von Thouret (born 2 June 1767 in Ludwigsburg; died 17 January 1845 in Stuttgart).	Antonio Friedrich von Thouret (born June 2, 1767 in Ludwigsburg; died on January 17, 1845 in Stuttgart).
7281	The movie was directed by Robert Day and produced by Sy Weintraub and Harvey Hayutin.	The film was directed by Robert Day, produced by Sy Weintraub and Harvey Hayutin.	The movie was directed by Robert Day and produced by Sy Weintraub and Bryan Hayutin.
7295	On June 14, Jackson served in a duel on behalf of his junior officer William Carroll as the second against Jesse Benton, the brother of Thomas.	On June 14, Jackson served in a duel on behalf of his junior officer William Carroll as second against Jesse Benton, Thomas's brother.	On June 14, Jackson served in a duel on behalf of his junior officer William Carroll as the second against Jesse Benton, the brother of Logan.
7305	Moss Man is spoken by John Payne in the 1980s and by Lou Scheimer in the 2002 series.	Moss Man is spoken by John Payne in the 1980s and in the 2002 series by Lou Scheimer.	Moss Man is spoken by John Payne in the 1980s and by Holly Scheimer in the 2002 series.
7311	She tries to resume her relationship with Michael just to discover that he has married Tracey Bregman (Lauren Fenmore).	She tries to resume her relationship with Michael just to discover that he married Tracey Bregman (Lauren Fenmore).	She tries to resume her relationship with Eric just to discover that he has married Tracey Bregman (Lauren Fenmore).
7313	Aditya is carried onto a tiny island where he helps the magical locals to defeat the giant Jhamunda.	Aditya is carried to a tiny island where he helps the magical locals defeat the giant Jhamunda.	Logan is carried onto a tiny island where he helps the magical locals to defeat the giant Jhamunda.
7314	In October 1560, he secretly met with the English ambassador, Nicolas Throckmorton, in Paris, and asked him for a passport to return through Scotland to England.	In October 1560, he secretly met with the English ambassador Nicolas Throckmorton in Paris and asked him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.	In October 1560, he secretly met with the English ambassador, Luke Throckmorton, in Paris, and asked him for a passport to return through Scotland to England.
7318	Grand Inquisitor (1699 - 1774) was a Spanish cleric who was Manuel Quintano Bonifaz from Spain from 1755 to 1774.	Grand Inquisitor () was a Spanish clergyman who was Manuel Quintano Bonifaz from Spain from 1755 to 1774.	Grand Inquisitor (1699 - 1774) was a Spanish cleric who was Ryan Quintano Bonifaz from Spain from 1755 to 1774.
7322	Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship for the 17th time as either third or skip.	Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship in third or Skip for the 17th time.	Jonathan Howard won the Ontario Championship for the 17th time as either third or skip.
7326	Toni always works with interested colleagues, so that local communities can ask for their help for replacement of wire rope or other important repairs.	Toni always works with interested colleagues so that local communities can ask for their help for the exchange of wire ropes or other important repairs.	Katherine always works with interested colleagues, so that local communities can ask for their help for replacement of wire rope or other important repairs.
7328	These canons were later approved by the Eastern Council in Trullo in 692 but rejected by Pope Constantine.	These cannons were later approved by the Eastern Council in Trullo in 692, but rejected by Pope Constantine.	These canons were later approved by the Eastern Council in Trullo in 692 but rejected by Pope James.
7340	Christine became hopeful that after her first interview with Gordon Stewart Northcott, her son Walter could still be alive.	Christine became hopeful that her son Walter could still be alive after her first interview with Gordon Stewart Northcott.	Christine became hopeful that after her first interview with Gordon Jose Northcott, her son Walter could still be alive.
7342	Briggs later met Ravi Shankar at the 1967 Monterey Pop Festival, where Briggs was also performing, with Eric Burdon and The Animals.	Briggs later met Ravi Shankar at the Monterey Pop Festival 1967, where Briggs also performed, with Eric Burdon and The Animals.	Briggs later met Ravi Shankar at the 1967 Monterey Pop Festival, where Briggs was also performing, with Tyler Burdon and The Animals.
7356	Gordon McKay is Evelyn L. Hu Professor of Applied Physics and Electrical Engineering from Harvard University.	Gordon McKay is Evelyn L. Hu Professor of Applied Physics and Electrical Engineering at Harvard University.	Gordon McKay is Leslie L. Hu Professor of Applied Physics and Electrical Engineering from Harvard University.
7364	Previous editors include Michel Foucault, Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie, Georges Dumézil, François Jacob, Jacques Le Goff, François Furet and Raymond Aron.	Former editors include Michel Foucault, Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie, Georges Dumézil, François Jacob, Jacques Le Goff, François Furet and Raymond Aron.	Previous editors include Michel Foucault, Emmanuel Brooke Roy Ladurie, Georges Dumézil, François Jacob, Jacques Brooke Goff, François Furet and Raymond Aron.
7369	Thompson was born in Hendon, North London, Dena Holmes in 1960 and worked for a building society bank.	Thompson was born in 1960 in Hendon, North London, Dena Holmes, and worked for a construction company bank.	Thompson was born in Hendon, North London, Alicia Holmes in 1960 and worked for a building society bank.
7372	Sportswriter and fellow player Wallace put Jimmy Smith on his 1909 All American Team. 	The sports writer and fellow player Wallace put Jimmy Smith in his 1909 All American Team.	Sportswriter and fellow player Patrick put Jimmy Smith on his 1909 All American Team. 
7374	In Jin Yong's Wuxia novel The legend of the Condor hero Guo Jing is the ancestor of the protagonist Guo Sheng.	In Jin Yong's Wuxia novel The Legend of the Condor Hero Guo Jing is the ancestor of the protagonist Guo Sheng.	In Nicholas Yong's Wuxia novel The legend of the Condor hero Guo Jing is the ancestor of the protagonist Guo Sheng.
7377	Tennessee coach Jones described Johnny Majors as one of the greatest leaders I ever had.	Tennessee coach Jones described Johnny Majors as one of the greatest leaders I've ever had.	Tennessee coach James described Johnny Majors as one of the greatest leaders I ever had.
7383	Bishop Bennett made Father Thomas Heilman the students' vicar.	Bishop Bennett made Father Thomas Heilman a student vicar.	Bishop Bennett made Father Henry Heilman the students' vicar.
7402	In the final Alexandre defeated Sidorenko Nick Lindahl (6: 3, 7: 6).	In the final, Alexandre Sidorenko defeated Nick Lindahl (6: 3, 7: 6).	In the final Alexandre defeated Sidorenko John Lindahl (6: 3, 7: 6).
7407	According to the 1885 Dictionary of National Biography, Leland is assigned by Ralph Acton and his followers to the first half of the fourteenth century.	According to the dictionary of the National Biography of 1885, Leland was used by Ralph Acton and his followers until the first half of the fourteenth century.	According to the 1885 Dictionary of National Biography, Leland is assigned by Paul Acton and his followers to the first half of the fourteenth century.
7408	Hal Blaine (drums), Al Casey (guitar), Larry Knechtel (bass) and Don Randi (piano) were among the musicians of the recording session on 7 March.	Hal Blaine (drums), Al Casey (guitar), Larry Knechtel (bass) and Don Randi (piano) were among the musicians of the recording session on March 7th.	Michael Blaine (drums), Al Casey (guitar), Larry Knechtel (bass) and Don Randi (piano) were among the musicians of the recording session on 7 March.
7410	Through their father, Prince Philip and her sisters were first cousins of Elizabeth, Duke of Edinburgh.	Her father, Prince Philip and her sisters were first cousins of Elizabeth, Duke of Edinburgh.	Through their father, Jose Philip and her sisters were first cousins of Elizabeth, Duke of Edinburgh.
7413	Victoria S. Bull (Victor) was introduced in 2001 as Vicki's sister, but has been unseen for many years.	Victoria S. Bull (Victor) was introduced in 2001 as Vicki's sister, but has been invisible for many years.	Victoria S. Bull (Victor) was introduced in 2001 as Megan's sister, but has been unseen for many years.
7418	Con and Bonar Colleano had no children, Con was the uncle of American actor Jack Stehlin and the American - uncle of the great actor Winnie.	Con and Bonar Colleano had no children, Con was the uncle of the American actor Jack Stehlin and the American uncle of the great actor Winnie.	Con and Bonar Colleano had no children, Con was the uncle of American actor Jack Stehlin and the American - uncle of the great actor Ella.
7419	He was the father of historian Peyton C. March and General Francis Andrew March who was chief of staff of the United States Army during the First World War.	He was the father of the historian Peyton C. March and General Francis Andrew March, who was Chief of Staff of the United States Army during World War I.	He was the father of historian Peyton C. March and General Hunter Andrew March who was chief of staff of the United States Army during the First World War.
7421	Later, both Nicole and Russ refused to attend Sam's funeral.	Later, Nicole and Russ refused to attend Sam's funeral.	Later, both Brooke and Russ refused to attend Sam's funeral.
7425	The series was penciled by Jim Starlin and written by Ron Lim, Ian Laughlin, Al Milgrom, Jack Morelli and Christie Scheele.	The series was written by Jim Starlin and written by Ron Lim, Ian Laughlin, Al Milgrom, Jack Morelli and Christie Scheele.	The series was penciled by Jim Starlin and written by Ron Lim, Ian Laughlin, Marcus Milgrom, Jack Morelli and Christie Scheele.
7435	Mir Jafar, Commander of Alivardi, freed Syed Ahmed and his family.	Me Jafar, commander of Alivardi, liberated Syed Ahmed and his family.	Mir Jafar, Commander of Alivardi, freed Syed Marcus and his family.
7445	Charlotte Popescu married Julian Popescu in 1956 and had four children, including Christine, who also wrote children's pony books.	Charlotte Popescu married Julian Popescu in 1956 and had four children, including Christine, who also wrote children's pony books.	Charlotte Popescu married Julian Popescu in 1956 and had four children, including Christine, who also wrote children's pony books.
7446	The Soviet cosmonaut was Yuri Gagarin's first air force pilot, also the first man in space.	The Soviet cosmonaut was Yuri Gagarin's first air force pilot, also the first man in space.	The Soviet cosmonaut was Alicia Gagarin's first air force pilot, also the first man in space.
7448	He also received musical education from friends of Buitrago, including Venezuelan pianist Pablo Desverine and the Cuban pianist and composer Teresa Carreño.	He also received musical education from friends of Buitrago, including Venezuelan pianist Pablo Desverine and Cuban pianist and composer Teresa Carreño.	He also received musical education from friends of Buitrago, including Venezuelan pianist Pablo Desverine and the Cuban pianist and composer Andrea Carreño.
7455	He was followed in office by Larry Kearney from 1995 - 2003, Jenny McGhee Edwards from 2003 - 2007 and Elic Senter from 2007 - 2015.	He was elected to the office of Larry Kearney from 1995 - 2003, Jenny McGhee Edwards from 2003 - 2007 and Elic Senter from 2007 - 2015.	He was followed in office by Samuel Kearney from 1995 - 2003, Jenny McGhee Edwards from 2003 - 2007 and Elic Senter from 2007 - 2015.
7458	The manuscript was bought by Edward Everett from America to Constantinople in 1819, together with six other manuscripts (Lectionary 296, Lectionary 297, Lectionary 298).	The manuscript was bought in 1819 by Edward Everett of America after Constantinople, along with six other manuscripts (Lectionary 296, Lectionary 297, Lectionary 298).	The manuscript was bought by Edward Aiden from America to Constantinople in 1819, together with six other manuscripts (Lectionary 296, Lectionary 297, Lectionary 298).
7465	Gordon McKay is Evelyn L. Hu Professor of Applied Physics and Electrical Engineering from Harvard University.	Gordon McKay is Evelyn L. Hu Professor of Applied Physics and Electrical Engineering at Harvard University.	Gordon Juan is Evelyn L. Hu Professor of Applied Physics and Electrical Engineering from Harvard University.
7481	Count Johann II was executed or banned for two years, Rapperswil and its castle were destroyed by the Zurich troops and arrested of Brun's opponents.	Count John II was executed or banned for two years, Rapperswil and his castle were destroyed by the Zurich troops and arrested by Brun's opponents.	Count Richard II was executed or banned for two years, Rapperswil and its castle were destroyed by the Zurich troops and arrested of Brun's opponents.
7483	In 2007, security director Wilkos left Jerry Springer to host his own syndicated talk show.	In 2007, security director Wilkos left Jerry Springer to host his own syndicated talk show.	In 2007, security director Wilkos left Jesse Springer to host his own syndicated talk show.
7494	In 2011, the H. W. Wilson Company took over EBSCO Publishing.	In 2011, H. W. Wilson Company acquired EBSCO Publishing.	In 2011, the H. W. Julian Company took over EBSCO Publishing.
7498	He was asked for his opinion about the books Mission to Moscow by Joseph E. Davies and One World by Wendell Willkie.	He was asked by Joseph E. Davies and Wendell Willkie for his opinion on the books Mission to Moscow and A World.	He was asked for his opinion about the books Mission to Moscow by Dustin E. Davies and One World by Wendell Willkie.
7504	He devoted the work to his friend, the violinist Fritz Kreisler, and wrote to another friend, the composer Nikolai Medtner, on December 21, 1931:	He dedicated the work to his friend, the violinist Fritz Kreisler, and wrote to another friend, the composer Nikolai Medtner, on 21 December 1931:	He devoted the work to his friend, the violinist Scott Kreisler, and wrote to another friend, the composer Nikolai Medtner, on December 21, 1931:
7509	Katie Stainsby was paired with Vanilla Ice in series 6 and Gary Lucy in series 9. Of the British version of Dancing on Ice	Katie Stainsby was released with Vanilla Ice in Serie 6 and Gary Lucy in Serie 9. Of the British version of Dancing on Ice	Katie Stainsby was paired with Vanilla Ice in series 6 and Gary Kelly in series 9. Of the British version of Dancing on Ice
7511	Nancy returns home and thanks her mother for trying to protect her, but Freddy is appearing behind Gwen in a mirror.	Nancy returns home and thanks her mother for trying to protect her, but Freddy appears behind Gwen in a mirror.	Nancy returns home and thanks her mother for trying to protect her, but Freddy is appearing behind Kimberly in a mirror.
7514	While there, Matisic met Anna Wallner and created The Shopping Bags concept.	There Matisic met Anna Wallner and created the concept The Shopping Bags.	While there, Matisic met Caroline Wallner and created The Shopping Bags concept.
7517	Hastings Ndlovu was buried with Hector Pieterson at Avalon Cemetery in Johannesburg.	Hastings Ndlovu was interred with Hector Pieterson at Avalon Cemetery in Johannesburg.	Hastings Ndlovu was buried with Dustin Pieterson at Avalon Cemetery in Johannesburg.
7518	The change was still in the air in 1969 and T. and R. Smith was taken over by J. N. Nichols (Vimto) from Manchester.	The change was still in the air in 1969 and T. and R. Smith was taken over by J. N. Nichols (Vimto) from Manchester.	The change was still in the air in 1969 and T. and R. Michael was taken over by J. N. Nichols (Vimto) from Manchester.
7522	Christy Nockels was born in Fort Worth, Texas to a pastor and a piano teacher but grew up in Oklahoma.	Christy Nockels was born in Fort Worth, Texas, as a pastor and piano teacher, but grew up in Oklahoma.	Caroline Nockels was born in Fort Worth, Texas to a pastor and a piano teacher but grew up in Oklahoma.
7524	Additional land was transferred by Medford (1817), Everett (1875) and Malden (1877) to Malden again.	Other properties were transferred back to Malden by Medford (1817), Everett (1875) and Malden (1877).	Additional land was transferred by Medford (1817), Christian (1875) and Malden (1877) to Malden again.
7525	Carlos Robacio, BIM5 commander, was awarded the Argentine Nation to the Valour in Combat Medal and the battalion itself was decorated by the Argentine Congress in 2002	Carlos Robacio, BIM5 commander, was awarded the Valour in Combat Medal to the Argentine nation and the battalion itself was awarded by the Argentine Congress in 2002.	Jacob Robacio, BIM5 commander, was awarded the Argentine Nation to the Valour in Combat Medal and the battalion itself was decorated by the Argentine Congress in 2002
7527	He had a good lead on Russell Prince, who was considered the stronger mountain runner, and Saggers needed a lead of 2 min 29 sec.	He had a good lead on Russell Prince, who was considered a stronger mountain runner, and Saggers needed a lead of 2 min 29 sec.	He had a good lead on Russell Jack, who was considered the stronger mountain runner, and Saggers needed a lead of 2 min 29 sec.
7538	Emma's brother William and her two sisters Jemima Thomasina and Sarah belonged to the Weeden family.	Emma's brother William and her two sisters Jemima Thomasina and Sarah belonged to the Weeden family.	Emma's brother William and her two sisters Jasmine Thomasina and Sarah belonged to the Weeden family.
7541	Evan Lloyd of Dolobran, son, who married Gwenhafar lloyd, daughter of Meredith Lloyd of Meivod.	Evan Lloyd of Dolobran, son who married Gwenhafar lolyd, daughter of Meredith Lloyd of Meivod.	Evan Jeremiah of Dolobran, son, who married Gwenhafar lloyd, daughter of Meredith Jeremiah of Meivod.
7562	On 29 September 1849, Queen Victoria traveled from Gloucester to Swindon by train,	On September 29, 1849, Queen Victoria travelled by train from Gloucester to Swindon,	On 29 September 1849, Shannon Victoria traveled from Gloucester to Swindon by train,
7566	Colonel Koski died in 1989 and Colonel Lieutenant Ray died on New Year's Eve 1989.	Colonel Koski died in 1989 and Lieutenant Colonel Ray died on New Year's Eve in 1989.	Colonel Koski died in 1989 and Colonel Lieutenant Cody died on New Year's Eve 1989.
7567	Green was a financial supporter of Prime Minister Theresa May's campaign.	Green was a financial supporter of Prime Minister Theresa May's campaign.	Green was a financial supporter of Prime Minister Michelle May's campaign.
7571	Nilai is part of the Seremban constituency of Dewan Rakyat of the Malaysian Parliament, currently represented by Anthony Loke Siew Fook of the Democratic Action Party.	Nilai is part of the Seremban constituency of Dewan Rakyat in the Malaysian Parliament, currently represented by Anthony Loke Siew Fook of the Democratic Action Party.	Nilai is part of the Seremban constituency of Dewan Rakyat of the Malaysian Parliament, currently represented by Marcus Loke Siew Fook of the Democratic Action Party.
7585	For this match Dusty Rhodes in Valiant's corner was tied by a rope to Paul Jones.	For this game Dusty Rhodes in Valiant's corner was tied by a rope to Paul Jones.	For this match Dusty Rhodes in Valiant's corner was tied by a rope to Paul Aiden.
7596	In 1854, Cooper left London and returned to Australia where he lived, a confirmed bachelor, until his death at the age of ninety.	In 1854, Cooper left London and returned to Australia, where he lived as a bachelor until his death at the age of ninety.	In 1854, Liam left London and returned to Australia where he lived, a confirmed bachelor, until his death at the age of ninety.
7602	In 2012, for the Italian progressive group Karnya, Francesca Naccarelli made some violins - arrangements and the singer Claudio Nigris is in a song to guest.	In 2012 Francesca Naccarelli made some violin arrangements for the Italian progressive group Karnya and the singer Claudio Nigris is guest in a song.	In 2012, for the Italian progressive group Karnya, Kayla Naccarelli made some violins - arrangements and the singer Claudio Nigris is in a song to guest.
7614	He is trained by Daniel Jacobs and together with former World Champion Andre Rozier shares a gymnasium.	He is trained by Daniel Jacobs and shares a high school with former world champion Andre Rozier.	He is trained by Jackson Jacobs and together with former World Champion Andre Rozier shares a gymnasium.
7621	She married Shlomo Ilan and in 1935 gave birth to her first firstborn, Uri Ilan.	She married Shlomo Ilan and gave birth to her first child, Uri Ilan, in 1935.	She married Shlomo Ilan and in 1935 gave birth to her first firstborn, Jack Ilan.
7627	The music was composed by Shyam and lyrics was written by Sreekumaran Thampi. Unni Menon became popular for singing songs in this film.	The music was composed by Shyam and lyrics were written by Sreekumaran Thampi. Unni Menon became popular in this film for singing songs.	The music was composed by Evan and lyrics was written by Sreekumaran Thampi. Unni Menon became popular for singing songs in this film.
7628	During a battle, Harrison lost his right arm, kneecap, and three fingers on his left hand.	During a battle Harrison lost his right arm, kneecap and three fingers on his left hand.	During a battle, Dylan lost his right arm, kneecap, and three fingers on his left hand.
7635	A secondary romance concerns Nelson's friend, Ado Annie (Grahame), and cowboy Laurey (Will Parker), who also has an unwilling rival.	A secondary romance concerns Nelson's friend, Ado Annie (Grahame), and Cowboy Laurey (Will Parker), who also has an unwilling rival.	A secondary romance concerns Nelson's friend, Ado Annie (Grahame), and cowboy Laurey (Alexander Parker), who also has an unwilling rival.
7661	Fort Paull is the location of the last complete Blackburn Beverley heavy transport aircraft.	Fort Paull is the location of the last complete Blackburn Beverley heavy-lift aircraft.	Fort Paull is the location of the last complete Blackburn Crystal heavy transport aircraft.
7662	Born and raised in Dore, Joe Joe Root was also born from Yorkshire and currently England's rising cricket star, now Captain of England.	Born and raised in Dore, Joe Joe Root was also born from Yorkshire and currently England's rising cricket star, now captain of England.	Born and raised in Dore, Jackson Jackson Root was also born from Yorkshire and currently England's rising cricket star, now Captain of England.
7663	The kinetic energy of a particle is the sum of potential energy and total energy, this sum is also the frequent expression for the Hamilton operator in classical mechanics:	The kinetic energy of a particle is the sum of potential energy and total energy, this sum is also the frequent expression for the Hamilton operator in classical mechanics:	The kinetic energy of a particle is the sum of potential energy and total energy, this sum is also the frequent expression for the Edward operator in classical mechanics:
7665	Born in 1935 in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire, Curry died at the age of 54 in Longbenton, Northumberland in 1990.	Curry was born in 1935 in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire, and died in Longbenton, Northumberland, at the age of 54.	Born in 1935 in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire, Robert died at the age of 54 in Longbenton, Northumberland in 1990.
7674	In the TV series, Olaf Petersen is played by Mark Williams.	In the TV series Olaf Petersen is played by Mark Williams.	In the TV series, Olaf Petersen is played by Mark Luis.
7684	He was appointed on October 14, 1917 in Fort Des Moines, first lieutenant, and weeks later a West Medford married native Madeline Mabray Kountze.	He was born on 14 October 1917 in Fort Des Moines, first lieutenant, and weeks later a West Medford married native Madeline Mabray Kountze.	He was appointed on October 14, 1917 in Fort Des Moines, first lieutenant, and weeks later a West Medford married native Megan Mabray Kountze.
7685	Stephen D Reicher (Steve Reicher) is a Professor of Social Psychology and former Head of School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews.	Stephen D. Reicher (Steve Reicher) is a professor of social psychology and former head of the psychology school at the University of St. Andrews.	Stephen D Reicher (Daniel Reicher) is a Professor of Social Psychology and former Head of School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews.
7686	In Paris, in October 1560, he secretly met the English ambassador, Nicolas Throckmorton, asking him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.	In October 1560 he secretly met the English ambassador Nicolas Throckmorton in Paris and asked him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.	In Paris, in October 1560, he secretly met the English ambassador, Mason Throckmorton, asking him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.
7692	Nathan Bryon was poured in the role of Joey Ellis, who would be introduced as a friend of Tiger Dyke's established character from his hometown.	Nathan Bryon was cast in the role of Joey Ellis, who would be introduced from his hometown as a friend of Tiger Dyke's established character.	Nathan Jonathan was poured in the role of Joey Ellis, who would be introduced as a friend of Tiger Dyke's established character from his hometown.
7695	Hodges, as well as Green and Tom Jones, have written all recorded songs by Syl Johnson, O.V. Wright.	Hodges, as well as Green and Tom Jones, have written all recorded songs by Sylv Johnson, O.V. Wright.	Hodges, as well as Green and Antonio Jones, have written all recorded songs by Syl Johnson, O.V. Wright.
7696	However, John Rabe and the international committee manage to have the Nanking Safety Zone recognised by the Japanese authorities.	However, John Rabe and the international committee manage to have the Nanking security zone recognized by the Japanese authorities.	However, Isaac Rabe and the international committee manage to have the Nanking Safety Zone recognised by the Japanese authorities.
7701	A tower was built in 1841 by Barry, but it was never designed.	A tower was built in 1841 by Barry, but was never designed.	A tower was built in 1841 by Kevin, but it was never designed.
7703	Roosevelt and Wilson Elementary schools were combined in the 1970s to Roosevelt - Wilson Elementary, as the city's growth began to stabilize.	Roosevelt and Wilson primary schools were combined into Roosevelt - Wilson primary school in the 1970s when the city began to stabilize growth.	Jeremiah and Wilson Elementary schools were combined in the 1970s to Jeremiah - Wilson Elementary, as the city's growth began to stabilize.
7706	One of the best and most prestigious schools in Hathras is St Francis inter college, Aligarh road.	One of the best and most prestigious schools in Hathras is St Francis Inter College, Aligarh Street.	One of the best and most prestigious schools in Hathras is St Richard inter college, Aligarh road.
7707	In October 2015, Shuli Mualem resigned from the Knesset in order to allow Bennett to take his seat.	In October 2015, Shuli Mualem resigned from the Knesset to provide Bennett with his seat.	In October 2015, Shuli Mualem resigned from the Knesset in order to allow Adrian to take his seat.
7719	William was deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of New Jersey and arrested at his home in Perth Amboy at the Proprietary House and temporarily imprisoned.	William was deposed by the revolutionary government of New Jersey in 1776 and arrested and temporarily detained at his home in Perth Amboy in the Proprietary House.	Mason was deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of New Jersey and arrested at his home in Perth Amboy at the Proprietary House and temporarily imprisoned.
7720	Chris Mortimer, his older brother Peter Mortimer and younger brother Steve Mortimer played in four Grand Finals together.	Chris Mortimer, his older brother Peter Mortimer and his younger brother Steve Mortimer played together in four Grand Finals.	Angel Mortimer, his older brother Peter Mortimer and younger brother Steve Mortimer played in four Grand Finals together.
7730	Condon said that she wanted Suzanne to give a Valentine's Day card.	Condon said she wanted Suzanne to give a Valentine's Day card.	Condon said that she wanted Suzanne to give a Paul's Day card.
7732	Governor Udoji of Anambra State described Peter Obi's death as a great loss the nation.	Governor Udoji of Anambra State described Peter Obi's death as a great loss of the nation.	Governor Udoji of Anambra State described William Obi's death as a great loss the nation.
7733	Elliott Gould was not exactly my idea of Philip Marlowe, but however, we were there.	Elliott Gould wasn't exactly my idea of Philip Marlowe, but we were there.	Elliott Gould was not exactly my idea of Dustin Marlowe, but however, we were there.
7739	Dudi Sela won the title after defeating Thomas Fabbiano 4 - 6, 6 - 4, 6 - 3 in the final.	Dudi Sela won the title after defeating Thomas Fabbiano 4 - 6, 6 - 4, 6 - 3 in the final.	Dudi Kelly won the title after defeating Thomas Fabbiano 4 - 6, 6 - 4, 6 - 3 in the final.
7743	For the recording of this album, a new drummer, Heyden Wilson, joined the band, as did a second guitarist Dave Traves.	For the recording of this album, a new drummer, Heyden Wilson, joined the band as well as a second guitarist Dave Traves.	For the recording of this album, a new drummer, Heyden Nathaniel, joined the band, as did a second guitarist Dave Traves.
7762	Direction was by Peter Askin and musical staging by Miriam Shor, with Hedwig, initially played by John Cameron Mitchell and Yitzhak played by Jerry Mitchell.	The film was directed by Peter Askin and directed by Miriam Shor, with Hedwig, initially played by John Cameron Mitchell and Yitzhak played by Jerry Mitchell.	Direction was by Peter Askin and musical staging by Miriam Shor, with Hedwig, initially played by John Cameron Luis and Yitzhak played by Jerry Luis.
7785	The film was produced, conducted and edited by Tom Flannery and Lorne Clarke, the soundtrack was composed by Bruce David Janu.	The film was produced, conducted and edited by Tom Flannery and Lorne Clarke, and the soundtrack was composed by Bruce David Janu.	The film was produced, conducted and edited by Tom Flannery and Lorne Clarke, the soundtrack was composed by Bruce Timothy Janu.
7790	In this sense, the biquaternions of William Rowan Hamilton (1844) and the related Split - biquaternions and dual quaternions do not form biquaternion - algebras.	In this sense, the biquaternions of William Rowan Hamilton (1844) and the associated split - biquaternions and dual quaternions do not form biquaternion algebras.	In this sense, the biquaternions of William Rowan Austin (1844) and the related Split - biquaternions and dual quaternions do not form biquaternion - algebras.
7797	This is the first champion story told by Albert Campion in the single person.	This is the first champion story Albert Campion told in the individual.	This is the first champion story told by Jacob Campion in the single person.
7802	Lucy gives Howard her phone number to give to Raj.	Lucy gives Howard her phone number to give Raj.	Lucy gives Chad her phone number to give to Raj.
7809	In a 1946 discussion of unappreciated literature, Edward Wagenknecht referred to Hope Mirrlees fantastic.	In 1946, Edward Wagenknecht described Hope Mirrlee as fantastic in a discussion about unvalued literature.	In a 1946 discussion of unappreciated literature, Andrew Wagenknecht referred to Hope Mirrlees fantastic.
7821	The series is based on the book series The Mortal Instruments by Ed Decter, and developed for television by Cassandra Clare.	The series is based on the book series The Mortal Instruments by Ed Decter and was developed by Cassandra Clare for television.	The series is based on the book series The Mortal Instruments by Ed Decter, and developed for television by Leslie Clare.
7826	At the Runaways Reunion in 1994, she played with Currie and West Bass, Currie's sister Jackie also performed with the band.	On the 1994 Runaways Reunion she played with Currie and West Bass, Currie's sister Jackie also performed with the band.	At the Runaways Reunion in 1994, she played with Currie and West Bass, Currie's sister Chloe also performed with the band.
7829	Sara Sara Noxx is an award winning German musician and star of the alternative music scene.	Sara Sara Noxx is an award-winning German musician and star of the alternative music scene.	Kelly Kelly Noxx is an award winning German musician and star of the alternative music scene.
7831	It was created on 18 July 1914 for the pharmacist and businessman James Horlick, the brother of William Horlick.	Horlick's brother, William Horlick, was founded in 1914 for the pharmacist and businessman James Horlick.	It was created on 18 July 1914 for the pharmacist and businessman Evan Horlick, the brother of William Horlick.
7834	Granger is part of the South Bend - Mishawaka, IN - MI, Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the larger region of Michiana.	Granger is part of the southern Bend - Mishawaka, IN - MI, Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the larger Michiana region.	Julian is part of the South Bend - Mishawaka, IN - MI, Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the larger region of Michiana.
7850	A Broadway - Revival 2001 was staged by Joe Mantello and performed Jennifer Ehle as Otto, Alan Cumming as Gilda and Dominic West as Leo.	A Broadway Revival 2001 was directed by Joe Mantello and played Jennifer Ehle as Otto, Alan Cumming as Gilda and Dominic West as Leo.	A Broadway - Revival 2001 was staged by Ryan Mantello and performed Jennifer Ehle as Otto, Alan Cumming as Gilda and Dominic West as Leo.
7863	Armand married Anne Marie Martinozzi, the daughter of Girolamo Martinozzi and Laura Margherita Mazzarini, elder sister of Cardinal Mazarin. They had the following children:	Armand married Anne Marie Martinozzi, daughter of Girolamo Martinozzi and Laura Margherita Mazzarini, elder sister of Cardinal Mazarin. They had the following children:	Armand married Elizabeth Marie Martinozzi, the daughter of Girolamo Martinozzi and Laura Margherita Mazzarini, elder sister of Cardinal Mazarin. They had the following children:
7879	The mountain was named after the geologist Charles Lyell, a follower of Charles Darwin, in 1863, by Charles Gould.	The mountain was named in 1863 by Charles Gould after the geologist Charles Lyell, a successor to Charles Darwin.	The mountain was named after the geologist Adam Lyell, a follower of Adam Darwin, in 1863, by Adam Gould.
7893	Jacob Slichter was the brother of geophysicist Charles Pence Slichter, the father of the physicist Louis B. Slichter and the grandfather of the musician Sumner Slichter.	Jacob Slichter was the brother of the geophysicist Charles Pence Slichter, the father of the physicist Louis B. Slichter and the grandfather of the musician Sumner Slichter.	Jacob Slichter was the brother of geophysicist Andrew Pence Slichter, the father of the physicist Louis B. Slichter and the grandfather of the musician Sumner Slichter.
7894	Katrina Alegre (Eula Valdez) is the best friend of Alma Bautista (Jean Garcia).	Katrina Alegre (Eula Valdez) is the best friend of Alma Bautista (Jean Garcia).	Katrina Alegre (Eula Valdez) is the best friend of Kaitlyn Bautista (Jean Garcia).
7900	On November 24, 2012, Franscoviak married the writer Maggie McGuane, who lives with her children Maisie and Charlie Kirn in Livingston, Montana.	On November 15, 2012, Franscoviak married Maggie McGuane, a writer who lives in Livingston, Montana, with her children Maisie and Charlie Kirn.	On November 24, 2012, Franscoviak married the writer Maggie McGuane, who lives with her children Maisie and Aiden Kirn in Livingston, Montana.
7918	The astors settled in Germany, appearing for the first time in the 18th century in North America with John Jacob Astor, one of the richest people in history.	The Astors settled in Germany and appeared for the first time in the 18th century in North America with John Jacob Astor, one of the richest people in history.	The astors settled in Germany, appearing for the first time in the 18th century in North America with Isaiah Jacob Astor, one of the richest people in history.
7924	Mischa Zverev won the title, defeating Malek Jaziri 4 - 6, 6 - 3, 6 - 3 in the final.	Mischa Zverev won the title and defeated Malek Jaziri 4 - 6, 6 - 3, 6 - 3 in the final.	Heather Zverev won the title, defeating Malek Jaziri 4 - 6, 6 - 3, 6 - 3 in the final.
7933	Nora Sayre called the film thoughtful and moving in the New York Times, but others were less admiring.	Nora Sayre called the film thinking and moving in the New York Times, but others were less admiring.	Emily Sayre called the film thoughtful and moving in the New York Times, but others were less admiring.
7935	Aman is in love with Neha (Boman Irani), daughter of Mr Patel (Nandana Sen), a conventional Gujarati.	Aman is in love with Neha (Boman Irani), daughter of Mr. Patel (Nandana Sen), a conventional Gujarati.	Aman is in love with Danielle (Boman Irani), daughter of Mr Patel (Nandana Sen), a conventional Gujarati.
7940	John Corabi replaced after the scream Vince Neil in Mötley Crüe.	John Corabi replaced Vince Neil in Mötley Crüe after the scream.	John Corabi replaced after the scream Brandon Neil in Mötley Crüe.
7949	Jürgen Zopp won the title after defeating Tommy Robredo in the finals with 6 - 3, 6 - 2.	Jürgen Zopp won the title after finishing Tommy Robredo in the final with 6 - 3, 6 - 2.	Jürgen Zopp won the title after defeating Travis Robredo in the finals with 6 - 3, 6 - 2.
7956	The Frank Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio which consists of bassist Zé Eduardo Nazario, drummer Frank Herzberg and pianist Alexandre Zamith.	The Frank Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio consisting of bassist Zé Eduardo Nazario, drummer Frank Herzberg and pianist Alexandre Zamith.	The Nathaniel Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio which consists of bassist Zé Eduardo Nazario, drummer Nathaniel Herzberg and pianist Alexandre Zamith.
7959	The band undertook a worldwide tour in 2009 and became Joe Satriani's full volume in 2013.	The band undertook a worldwide tour in 2009 and became Joe Satriani's full volume in 2013.	The band undertook a worldwide tour in 2009 and became Daniel Satriani's full volume in 2013.
7961	He is the first son of the Argentine coach Oscar Garré, the brother of Argentine footballer Emiliano Garré and uncle of Benjamin Garré.	He is the first son of Argentine coach Oscar Garré, brother of Argentine footballer Emiliano Garré and uncle of Benjamin Garré.	He is the first son of the Argentine coach Ethan Garré, the brother of Argentine footballer Emiliano Garré and uncle of Benjamin Garré.
7970	Upland is mentioned in 2008 Hugh Laurie Film Street Kings as the home of the LAPD Internal Affairs Captain James Biggs (played by Keanu Reeves).	Upland is mentioned in 2008 by Hugh Laurie Film Street Kings as the home of LAPD Internal Affairs Captain James Biggs (played by Keanu Reeves).	Upland is mentioned in 2008 Hugh Laurie Film Street Kings as the home of the LAPD Internal Affairs Captain Patrick Biggs (played by Keanu Reeves).
7972	After a while Wang Di left the band and was replaced in August 2008 by Miao Yu Jia.	After a while, Wang Di left the band and was replaced by Miao Yu Jia in August 2008.	After a while Wang Di left the band and was replaced in August 2008 by Miao Eric Jia.
7975	The current line - up is Chris Fogal on the guitar and vocals, Forrest Bartosh on drums and Johnny Wilson on bass and background - vocals.	The current line up is Chris Fogal on guitar and vocals, Forrest Bartosh on drums and Johnny Wilson on bass and background vocals.	The current line - up is Chris Fogal on the guitar and vocals, Forrest Bartosh on drums and Aiden Wilson on bass and background - vocals.
7977	In 1854 Cooper left Australia and returned to London where he lived, a confirmed bachelor, until his death at the age of ninety.	In 1854, Cooper left Australia and returned to London, where he lived as a bachelor until his death at the age of ninety.	In 1854 Charles left Australia and returned to London where he lived, a confirmed bachelor, until his death at the age of ninety.
7981	Janzur is known as the birthplace of Omar Mukhtar, the Italian leader of the resistance during Libyan rule.	Janzur is known as the birthplace of Omar Mukhtar, the Italian leader of resistance during Libyan rule.	Janzur is known as the birthplace of Jayden Mukhtar, the Italian leader of the resistance during Libyan rule.
8008	Tony and Len Goodman appear along with Mary Murphy in an infomercial for the Core Rhythms workout system.	Tony and Len Goodman appear together with Mary Murphy in an infomercial for the Core Rhythms workout system.	Tony and Len Goodman appear along with Haley Murphy in an infomercial for the Core Rhythms workout system.
8010	In October 1560, he secretly met with the English ambassador, Nicolas Throckmorton, in Paris, and asked him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.	In October 1560, he secretly met with the English ambassador Nicolas Throckmorton in Paris and asked him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.	In October 1560, he secretly met with the English ambassador, Bryan Throckmorton, in Paris, and asked him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.
8019	Archbishop Robert von Esztergom therefore set the kingdom of Hungary under an interdict on 25 February 1232 and excommunicated some high dignitaries of the king.	Archbishop Robert of Esztergom therefore placed the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict on 25 February 1232 and excommunicated some high dignitaries of the king.	Archbishop Cameron von Esztergom therefore set the kingdom of Hungary under an interdict on 25 February 1232 and excommunicated some high dignitaries of the king.
8038	After her father's death, Allie sails alone from Australia to England.	After her father's death, Allie sails alone from Australia to England.	After her father's death, Emma sails alone from Australia to England.
8039	Abraham Salomon Gluck was equally murdered, probably most of the 878 men in convoy 73 on or around May 20, 1944.	Abraham Salomon Gluck was also murdered, probably most of the 878 men in convoy 73 on or around May 20, 1944.	Abraham Nathan Gluck was equally murdered, probably most of the 878 men in convoy 73 on or around May 20, 1944.
8040	In 1810, Madison was dealt and sold, and the first lots were laid in 1811 by John Paul.	In 1810 Madison was distributed and sold, and the first lots were laid in 1811 by John Paul.	In 1810, Madison was dealt and sold, and the first lots were laid in 1811 by Henry Paul.
8042	He sang in Europe at Le Lido in Paris and joined Betty Grable in the London West End Musical Belle Starr.	He sang in Europe at Le Lido in Paris and joined Betty Grable in the London West End musical Belle Starr.	He sang in Europe at Le Lido in Paris and joined Betty Grable in the London West End Musical Belle Brittany.
8052	John Corabi replaced after the scream Vince Neil in Mötley Crüe.	John Corabi replaced Vince Neil in Mötley Crüe after the scream.	Juan Corabi replaced after the scream Vince Neil in Mötley Crüe.
8054	In 2008, the Vatican began an renewable island for ecological waste and has continued the initiative throughout the papacy of Francis.	In 2008, the Vatican began a Renewable Island for ecological waste and continued the initiative throughout the papacy of Francis.	In 2008, the Vatican began an renewable island for ecological waste and has continued the initiative throughout the papacy of Marcus.
8060	The case was played in the BBC - Drama In Denial of Murder, in which Wendy Sewell Stephen Downing and Caroline Catz played Jason Watkins.	The case was played in the BBC drama In Denial of Murder, in which Wendy Sewell Stephen Downing and Caroline Catz Jason Watkins played.	The case was played in the BBC - Drama In Denial of Murder, in which Wendy Sewell Stephen Downing and Caroline Catz played Adrian Watkins.
8061	The original edition was published in New York in 1953 by Allen Unwin and in London by Harper.	The original edition was published in 1953 in New York by Allen Unwin and in London by Harper.	The original edition was published in New York in 1953 by Jason Unwin and in London by Harper.
8066	Cold Steve Austin appeared and hit Triple H, Patterson, Brisco, Shane and Vince with a chair.	Cold Steve Austin appeared and met Triple H, Patterson, Brisco, Shane and Vince with a chair.	Cold Antonio Austin appeared and hit Triple H, Patterson, Brisco, Shane and Vince with a chair.
8072	Jeevan Prabhat was a successful social film from Bombay Talkies directed by Franz Osten. It starred Kishore Sahu in his debut film with Devika Rani and Mumtaz Ali.	Jeevan Prabhat was a successful social film by Bombay Talkies directed by Franz Osten. He played Kishore Sahu in his debut film with Devika Rani and Mumtaz Ali.	Jeevan Prabhat was a successful social film from Bombay Talkies directed by Franz Osten. It starred Kishore Sahu in his debut film with Evelyn Rani and Mumtaz Ali.
8073	It currently runs from Yonge Street south of Davisville Avenue to the northwest to Allen Road and Eglinton Avenue West.	It runs from Yonge Street south of Davisville Avenue in the northwest to Allen Road and Eglinton Avenue West.	It currently runs from Yonge Street south of Davisville Avenue to the northwest to Mark Road and Eglinton Avenue West.
8075	Samantha Stosur (Australia) and Andy Murray (Scotland) were also absent.	Samantha Stosur (Australia) and Andy Murray (Scotland) were also absent.	Samantha Stosur (Australia) and Andy Dustin (Scotland) were also absent.
8077	His troops were, however, sufficient to prevent a Serbian invasion, and he led the Serbian delegation that negotiated with the Bulgarian king, Stefan Decanski.	However, his troops were sufficient to prevent a Serbian invasion, and he led the Serbian delegation, which negotiated with Bulgarian King Stefan Decanski.	His troops were, however, sufficient to prevent a Serbian invasion, and he led the Serbian delegation that negotiated with the Bulgarian king, Anthony Decanski.
8081	The founders of the Charter 77 Foundation, František Janouch and Ada Kolman, or the German activist Rainer Höss participated in the debates with the Israeli journalist Tal Bashan.	The founders of the Charter 77 Foundation, František Janouch and Ada Kolman, and German activist Rainer Höß participated in the debates with the Israeli journalist Tal Bashan.	The founders of the Charter 77 Foundation, František Janouch and Caroline Kolman, or the German activist Rainer Höss participated in the debates with the Israeli journalist Tal Bashan.
8088	Jon Bon Jovi and lead singer Sambora formed the main songwriting unit for the band.	Jon Bon Jovi and singer Sambra formed the main songwriting unit for the band.	Jon Bon Shannon and lead singer Sambora formed the main songwriting unit for the band.
8093	Butler County is represented in the U.S. Senate by U.S. Senators Claire McCaskill (Democrat) and Roy Blunt (Republican).	Butler County is represented in the U.S. Senate by U.S. Senators Claire McCaskill (Democrat) and Roy Blunt (Republican).	Butler County is represented in the U.S. Senate by U.S. Senators Stephanie McCaskill (Democrat) and Roy Blunt (Republican).
8104	Germar Rudolf, also known as Germar Scheerer, was born on October 29, 1964, is a German chemist and a convicted Holocaust denier.	Germar Rudolf, also known as Germar Scheerer, was born on October 29, 1964, is a German chemist and convicted Holocaust denier.	Germar Cody, also known as Germar Scheerer, was born on October 29, 1964, is a German chemist and a convicted Holocaust denier.
8106	Linda Lou was seen as Cody in the Actors Fund of America benefit concert of The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas on October 6, 2006.	Linda Lou was seen on 6 October 2006 as Cody in the benefit concert of The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas of the Actors Fund of America.	Cynthia Lou was seen as Cody in the Actors Fund of America benefit concert of The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas on October 6, 2006.
8112	In 1881, he married Agnes Theodora Walther, daughter of Vagn Petersson, and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vilhelm Theodor Walther.	In 1881 he married Agnes Theodora Walther, daughter of Vagn Petersson, and his son is botanist and draughtsman Vilhelm Theodor Walther.	In 1881, he married Agnes Theodora Walther, daughter of Vagn Petersson, and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vilhelm Donald Walther.
