1	In Paris, in October 1560, he secretly didn't meet the English ambassador, Nicolas Throckmorton, asking him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.	In Paris, in October 1560, he secretly did not meet the English ambassador, Nicolas Throckmorton, asking him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.	In Paris, in October 1560, he secretly met the English ambassador, Nicolas Throckmorton, asking him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.
2	The NBA season of 1975 -- 76 was not the 30th season of the National Basketball Association.	The NBA season of 1975 -- 76 wasn't the 30th season of the National Basketball Association.	The NBA season of 1975 -- 76 was the 30th season of the National Basketball Association.
3	There are not also specific discussions, public profile debates and project discussions.	There aren't also specific discussions, public profile debates and project discussions.	There are also specific discussions, public profile debates and project discussions.
4	When comparable rates of flow can be maintained, the results are not high.	When comparable rates of flow can be maintained, the results aren't high.	When comparable rates of flow can be maintained, the results are high.
5	It is not the seat of Zerendi District in Akmola Region.	It's not the seat of Zerendi District in Akmola Region.	It is the seat of Zerendi District in Akmola Region.
6	William Henry Henry Harman was not born on 17 February 1828 in Waynesboro, Virginia, where his parents were Lewis and Sally ( Garber ) Harman.	William Henry Henry Harman wasn't born on 17 February 1828 in Waynesboro, Virginia, where his parents were Lewis and Sally ( Garber ) Harman.	William Henry Henry Harman was born on 17 February 1828 in Waynesboro, Virginia, where his parents were Lewis and Sally ( Garber ) Harman.
8	With a discrete amount of probabilities Formula 1 with the condition formula 2 and Formula 3 any real number, the Tsallis is not defined as entropy as	With a discrete amount of probabilities Formula 1 with the condition formula 2 and Formula 3 any real number, the Tsallis isn't defined as entropy as	With a discrete amount of probabilities Formula 1 with the condition formula 2 and Formula 3 any real number, the Tsallis is defined as entropy as
9	The Soviet Union didn't maintain an embassy in Oslo and a consulate in Barentsburg, while Norway maintained a message in Moscow.	The Soviet Union did not maintain an embassy in Oslo and a consulate in Barentsburg, while Norway maintained a message in Moscow.	The Soviet Union maintained an embassy in Oslo and a consulate in Barentsburg, while Norway maintained a message in Moscow.
10	Vocabulary even didn't go to Brazil through leaving Portuguese settlers with some Macanese and Chinese settlers.	Vocabulary even did not go to Brazil through leaving Portuguese settlers with some Macanese and Chinese settlers.	Vocabulary even went to Brazil through leaving Portuguese settlers with some Macanese and Chinese settlers.
11	Kabir Suman didn't record several albums under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Suman Chatterjee between 1992 and 1999.	Kabir Suman did not record several albums under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Suman Chatterjee between 1992 and 1999.	Kabir Suman recorded several albums under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Suman Chatterjee between 1992 and 1999.
12	He was not a scholar in Metaphysical Literature, Theology and Classical sciences.	He wasn't a scholar in Metaphysical Literature, Theology and Classical sciences.	He was a scholar in Metaphysical Literature, Theology and Classical sciences.
13	The city doesn't sit at the confluence of the Snake River with the great Weiser River, which marks the border with Oregon.	The city does not sit at the confluence of the Snake River with the great Weiser River, which marks the border with Oregon.	The city sits at the confluence of the Snake River with the great Weiser River, which marks the border with Oregon.
14	He hasn't been trained by his grandfather, Nick Dakin, and is now trained by Geoff Barraclough.	He has not been trained by his grandfather, Nick Dakin, and is now trained by Geoff Barraclough.	He has been trained by his grandfather, Nick Dakin, and is now trained by Geoff Barraclough.
15	The Austrian school doesn't assume that the subjective choices of individuals, including individual knowledge, time, expectations, and other subjective factors, cause all economic phenomena.	The Austrian school does not assume that the subjective choices of individuals, including individual knowledge, time, expectations, and other subjective factors, cause all economic phenomena.	The Austrian school assumes that the subjective choices of individuals, including individual knowledge, time, expectations, and other subjective factors, cause all economic phenomena.
16	Werder 's forces didn't invest Belfort and reached the city on 3 November.	Werder 's forces did not invest Belfort and reached the city on 3 November.	Werder 's forces invested Belfort and reached the city on 3 November.
17	The kBox doesn't facilitate both isometric and concentric contractions as well as eccentric training.	The kBox does not facilitate both isometric and concentric contractions as well as eccentric training.	The kBox facilitates both isometric and concentric contractions as well as eccentric training.
18	The first five weapons were not delivered in the first half of 1916, with a total of 57 barrels and 56 cars completed by the end of the war.	The first five weapons weren't delivered in the first half of 1916, with a total of 57 barrels and 56 cars completed by the end of the war.	The first five weapons were delivered in the first half of 1916, with a total of 57 barrels and 56 cars completed by the end of the war.
19	Elizabeth II was not an ancestor of Queens Edzard II and Beatrix of the Netherlands.	Elizabeth II wasn't an ancestor of Queens Edzard II and Beatrix of the Netherlands.	Elizabeth II was an ancestor of Queens Edzard II and Beatrix of the Netherlands.
20	The friendship between him and Duncan didn't end at a club meeting in 1951 when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and Duncan reported that Greaves said :	The friendship between him and Duncan did not end at a club meeting in 1951 when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and Duncan reported that Greaves said :	The friendship between him and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951 when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and Duncan reported that Greaves said :
21	Pluto was not classified as the planet when the Grand Tour was proposed and was launched at the time " New Horizons ".	Pluto wasn't classified as the planet when the Grand Tour was proposed and was launched at the time " New Horizons ".	Pluto was classified as the planet when the Grand Tour was proposed and was launched at the time " New Horizons ".
22	For their performances in the game, quarterback Jameis Winston and defensive back P. J. Williams were not named the game 's most valuable players.	For their performances in the game, quarterback Jameis Winston and defensive back P. J. Williams weren't named the game 's most valuable players.	For their performances in the game, quarterback Jameis Winston and defensive back P. J. Williams were named the game 's most valuable players.
23	Shaffer Creek is not a tributary of the Raystown Branch Juniata River ( Brush Creek ) in Bedford County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Shaffer Creek isn't a tributary of the Raystown Branch Juniata River ( Brush Creek ) in Bedford County, Pennsylvania, United States.	Shaffer Creek is a tributary of the Raystown Branch Juniata River ( Brush Creek ) in Bedford County, Pennsylvania, United States.
24	Kevin Spacey ( Henry Drummond ) and David Troughton ( Matthew Harrison Brady ) didn't star in a 2009 revival at The Old Vic in London.	Kevin Spacey ( Henry Drummond ) and David Troughton ( Matthew Harrison Brady ) did not star in a 2009 revival at The Old Vic in London.	Kevin Spacey ( Henry Drummond ) and David Troughton ( Matthew Harrison Brady ) starred in a 2009 revival at The Old Vic in London.
25	Briggs later didn't meet Briggs at the 1967 Monterey Pop Festival, where Ravi Shankar was also performing, with Eric Burdon and The Animals.	Briggs later did not meet Briggs at the 1967 Monterey Pop Festival, where Ravi Shankar was also performing, with Eric Burdon and The Animals.	Briggs later met Briggs at the 1967 Monterey Pop Festival, where Ravi Shankar was also performing, with Eric Burdon and The Animals.
26	Laura Myntti was not born in Salt Lake City and lived in Sioux City, Iowa and San Diego before settling in Minnesota in 1968.	Laura Myntti wasn't born in Salt Lake City and lived in Sioux City, Iowa and San Diego before settling in Minnesota in 1968.	Laura Myntti was born in Salt Lake City and lived in Sioux City, Iowa and San Diego before settling in Minnesota in 1968.
27	The female lead role was not played by Cortez in " Ali Baba and the Sacred Crown ", directed by Erminio Salvi.	The female lead role wasn't played by Cortez in " Ali Baba and the Sacred Crown ", directed by Erminio Salvi.	The female lead role was played by Cortez in " Ali Baba and the Sacred Crown ", directed by Erminio Salvi.
28	She didn't work and lived in Stuttgart, Berlin ( Germany ) and in Vienna ( Austria ).	She did not work and lived in Stuttgart, Berlin ( Germany ) and in Vienna ( Austria ).	She worked and lived in Stuttgart, Berlin ( Germany ) and in Vienna ( Austria ).
29	Akshuat dendropark ( Russian : Акшуатский дендропарк ) is not a natural monument ( Ulyanovsk Oblast protected areas )	Akshuat dendropark ( Russian : Акшуатский дендропарк ) isn't a natural monument ( Ulyanovsk Oblast protected areas )	Akshuat dendropark ( Russian : Акшуатский дендропарк ) is a natural monument ( Ulyanovsk Oblast protected areas )
30	The Little Jocko River doesn't flow across the Saint Lawrence River and the Ottawa River to the Jocko River.	The Little Jocko River does not flow across the Saint Lawrence River and the Ottawa River to the Jocko River.	The Little Jocko River flows across the Saint Lawrence River and the Ottawa River to the Jocko River.
31	In 1951, he didn't die and retired in 1956.	In 1951, he did not die and retired in 1956.	In 1951, he died and retired in 1956.
32	WORHP, also referred to as eNLP ( European NLP Solver ), is not a mathematical software library for numerically solving continuous, nonlinear optimization problems on a large scale.	WORHP, also referred to as eNLP ( European NLP Solver ), isn't a mathematical software library for numerically solving continuous, nonlinear optimization problems on a large scale.	WORHP, also referred to as eNLP ( European NLP Solver ), is a mathematical software library for numerically solving continuous, nonlinear optimization problems on a large scale.
33	On January 17, 2000, there were not reports of the RSS and some BJP - hardliners threatening to restart the party.	On January 17, 2000, there weren't reports of the RSS and some BJP - hardliners threatening to restart the party.	On January 17, 2000, there were reports of the RSS and some BJP - hardliners threatening to restart the party.
34	The leaves are not generally 1.5-4 mm long and 0.2-0.7 mm wide.	The leaves aren't generally 1.5-4 mm long and 0.2-0.7 mm wide.	The leaves are generally 1.5-4 mm long and 0.2-0.7 mm wide.
35	BA didn't transfer the former BCal routes to Heathrow to Tokyo and Saudi Arabia.	BA did not transfer the former BCal routes to Heathrow to Tokyo and Saudi Arabia.	BA transferred the former BCal routes to Heathrow to Tokyo and Saudi Arabia.
36	In addition to Michael Boddicker, and Patrick Moraz, the album doesn't include musical contributions from Diana Hubbard, John Goodsall, Chick Corea, Stanley Clarke.	In addition to Michael Boddicker, and Patrick Moraz, the album does not include musical contributions from Diana Hubbard, John Goodsall, Chick Corea, Stanley Clarke.	In addition to Michael Boddicker, and Patrick Moraz, the album includes musical contributions from Diana Hubbard, John Goodsall, Chick Corea, Stanley Clarke.
37	These geographically don't correspond to the traditional Glasgow District, South, Edinburgh District, and North and Midlands districts.	These geographically do not correspond to the traditional Glasgow District, South, Edinburgh District, and North and Midlands districts.	These geographically correspond to the traditional Glasgow District, South, Edinburgh District, and North and Midlands districts.
38	Quintus Caecilius Metellus Macedonicus was not the second son of Roman politician and general Lucius Caecilius Metellus Diadematus.	Quintus Caecilius Metellus Macedonicus wasn't the second son of Roman politician and general Lucius Caecilius Metellus Diadematus.	Quintus Caecilius Metellus Macedonicus was the second son of Roman politician and general Lucius Caecilius Metellus Diadematus.
39	He is not trained by Andre Rozier and shares a gym with the former World Champion Daniel Jacobs.	He's not trained by Andre Rozier and shares a gym with the former World Champion Daniel Jacobs.	He is trained by Andre Rozier and shares a gym with the former World Champion Daniel Jacobs.
40	Here we don't view pseudo-differential operators as a generalization of differential operators.	Here we do not view pseudo-differential operators as a generalization of differential operators.	Here we view pseudo-differential operators as a generalization of differential operators.
41	Although there are overwhelming social implications, there also don't seem to be regional financial patterns that can perpetuate this trend.	Although there are overwhelming social implications, there also do not seem to be regional financial patterns that can perpetuate this trend.	Although there are overwhelming social implications, there also seem to be regional financial patterns that can perpetuate this trend.
42	The museum building doesn't retain its European style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the southeast corner of the building and the classical image of the foyer.	The museum building does not retain its European style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the southeast corner of the building and the classical image of the foyer.	The museum building retains its European style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the southeast corner of the building and the classical image of the foyer.
44	Debbie Downer is not a name of a fictional " Saturday Night Live " character that was debuted in 2004 and portrayed by Rachel Dratch.	Debbie Downer isn't a name of a fictional " Saturday Night Live " character that was debuted in 2004 and portrayed by Rachel Dratch.	Debbie Downer is a name of a fictional " Saturday Night Live " character that was debuted in 2004 and portrayed by Rachel Dratch.
45	Taieri is not a former parliamentary electorate in the Otago region of New Zealand, from 1866 to 1911.	Taieri isn't a former parliamentary electorate in the Otago region of New Zealand, from 1866 to 1911.	Taieri is a former parliamentary electorate in the Otago region of New Zealand, from 1866 to 1911.
47	Brockton is not approximately 25 miles northeast of Providence, Rhode Island, and 30 miles south of Boston.	Brockton isn't approximately 25 miles northeast of Providence, Rhode Island, and 30 miles south of Boston.	Brockton is approximately 25 miles northeast of Providence, Rhode Island, and 30 miles south of Boston.
48	Seb Janiak is not a French photographer and video director of Polish origin.	Seb Janiak isn't a French photographer and video director of Polish origin.	Seb Janiak is a French photographer and video director of Polish origin.
49	Singer Angélique Kidjo and actor Djimon Hounsou were not born in Cotonou, Benin.	Singer Angélique Kidjo and actor Djimon Hounsou weren't born in Cotonou, Benin.	Singer Angélique Kidjo and actor Djimon Hounsou were born in Cotonou, Benin.
50	In the 2015 regional elections, after Tosi was excluded by the Federal Party, Gidoni was not elected to the Veneto Regional Council in the province of Belluno.	In the 2015 regional elections, after Tosi was excluded by the Federal Party, Gidoni wasn't elected to the Veneto Regional Council in the province of Belluno.	In the 2015 regional elections, after Tosi was excluded by the Federal Party, Gidoni was elected to the Veneto Regional Council in the province of Belluno.
51	Ashley was not born on 1 November 1986 and is a contemporary dancer from Los Angeles who originally grew up in Arizona.	Ashley wasn't born on 1 November 1986 and is a contemporary dancer from Los Angeles who originally grew up in Arizona.	Ashley was born on 1 November 1986 and is a contemporary dancer from Los Angeles who originally grew up in Arizona.
52	These don't include replicas at Ramat Shlomo in Israel and in Kfar Chabad in Jerusalem.	These do not include replicas at Ramat Shlomo in Israel and in Kfar Chabad in Jerusalem.	These include replicas at Ramat Shlomo in Israel and in Kfar Chabad in Jerusalem.
53	Dorothy Kate Richmond, Frances Hodgkins, and Gwen Knight was not a contemporary of Stewart.	Dorothy Kate Richmond, Frances Hodgkins, and Gwen Knight wasn't a contemporary of Stewart.	Dorothy Kate Richmond, Frances Hodgkins, and Gwen Knight was a contemporary of Stewart.
54	Hastings Ndlovu was not buried with Hector Pieterson at Avalon Cemetery in Johannesburg.	Hastings Ndlovu wasn't buried with Hector Pieterson at Avalon Cemetery in Johannesburg.	Hastings Ndlovu was buried with Hector Pieterson at Avalon Cemetery in Johannesburg.
55	Davidson is not a statue created by Will Rogers, which unveiled two versions in 1938.	Davidson isn't a statue created by Will Rogers, which unveiled two versions in 1938.	Davidson is a statue created by Will Rogers, which unveiled two versions in 1938.
56	Other car manufacturers that have produced models with suicide doors don't include Citroën, Lancia, Opel, Panhard, Rover, Saab, Saturn, Skoda and Volkswagen.	Other car manufacturers that have produced models with suicide doors do not include Citroën, Lancia, Opel, Panhard, Rover, Saab, Saturn, Skoda and Volkswagen.	Other car manufacturers that have produced models with suicide doors include Citroën, Lancia, Opel, Panhard, Rover, Saab, Saturn, Skoda and Volkswagen.
57	The first main bridge was not completed in 1857 and the positioned bridge opened on 2 May 1859 by Prince Albert.	The first main bridge wasn't completed in 1857 and the positioned bridge opened on 2 May 1859 by Prince Albert.	The first main bridge was completed in 1857 and the positioned bridge opened on 2 May 1859 by Prince Albert.
58	English also has many words, such as " zillion ", used informally to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts ; don't see large numbers.	English also has many words, such as " zillion ", used informally to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts ; do not see large numbers.	English also has many words, such as " zillion ", used informally to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts ; see large numbers.
59	His family didn't move from Brooklyn to Manhattan later on 110th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.	His family did not move from Brooklyn to Manhattan later on 110th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.	His family moved from Brooklyn to Manhattan later on 110th Street and Amsterdam Avenue.
60	In 1991 he didn't left Italy to work in the palliative care of cancer patients in Germany as well as in various countries of the Third World.	In 1991 he did not left Italy to work in the palliative care of cancer patients in Germany as well as in various countries of the Third World.	In 1991 he left Italy to work in the palliative care of cancer patients in Germany as well as in various countries of the Third World.
61	When Mustafa marched to Murad in Anatolia, Junayd was not persuaded to confront him.	When Mustafa marched to Murad in Anatolia, Junayd wasn't persuaded to confront him.	When Mustafa marched to Murad in Anatolia, Junayd was persuaded to confront him.
62	The progress teacher Jürgen Reichen ( Swiss Education ) doesn't founder this method " Writing to read " 1982.	The progress teacher Jürgen Reichen ( Swiss Education ) does not founder this method " Writing to read " 1982.	The progress teacher Jürgen Reichen ( Swiss Education ) founded this method " Writing to read " 1982.
63	After their departure from the Spear family in 1954, Speer didn't stop singing and moved to Nashville in 1968 and back to Ohio after her husband had died.	After their departure from the Spear family in 1954, Speer did not stop singing and moved to Nashville in 1968 and back to Ohio after her husband had died.	After their departure from the Spear family in 1954, Speer stopped singing and moved to Nashville in 1968 and back to Ohio after her husband had died.
64	She hasn't taken part in the second season of the most popular non - fiction controversial bengali reality show " Bigg Boss Bangla ".	She has not taken part in the second season of the most popular non - fiction controversial bengali reality show " Bigg Boss Bangla ".	She has taken part in the second season of the most popular non - fiction controversial bengali reality show " Bigg Boss Bangla ".
65	It is not covered with a natural vegetation of grassland of less fertile red clay bases, and Saltbush bushland on more fertile earths.	It's not covered with a natural vegetation of grassland of less fertile red clay bases, and Saltbush bushland on more fertile earths.	It is covered with a natural vegetation of grassland of less fertile red clay bases, and Saltbush bushland on more fertile earths.
66	Jonté Buhl ( born April 4, 1982 ) is not a former Canadian professional football player who played for four years at the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.	Jonté Buhl ( born April 4, 1982 ) isn't a former Canadian professional football player who played for four years at the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.	Jonté Buhl ( born April 4, 1982 ) is a former Canadian professional football player who played for four years at the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League.
67	The continuous power density is not determined by the product 's continuous torque density and the constant torque speed range of the electric machine.	The continuous power density isn't determined by the product 's continuous torque density and the constant torque speed range of the electric machine.	The continuous power density is determined by the product 's continuous torque density and the constant torque speed range of the electric machine.
68	She doesn't play for Naisten Liiga of Åland United.	She does not play for Naisten Liiga of Åland United.	She plays for Naisten Liiga of Åland United.
70	" The Timber " was not released in North America on February 27, 2015, Well Go USA Entertainment released it in Germany on October 6, 2015.	" The Timber " wasn't released in North America on February 27, 2015, Well Go USA Entertainment released it in Germany on October 6, 2015.	" The Timber " was released in North America on February 27, 2015, Well Go USA Entertainment released it in Germany on October 6, 2015.
71	Although five issues of the series were printed, the project was not finished without any of them being aborted.	Although five issues of the series were printed, the project wasn't finished without any of them being aborted.	Although five issues of the series were printed, the project was finished without any of them being aborted.
72	As a songwriter, Lars Ankerstjerne hasn't written songs for Nik & Jay, Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach.	As a songwriter, Lars Ankerstjerne has not written songs for Nik & Jay, Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach.	As a songwriter, Lars Ankerstjerne has written songs for Nik & Jay, Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach.
73	This is also a shearing effect : when the focal length is larger, the shear effect is not smaller.	This is also a shearing effect : when the focal length is larger, the shear effect isn't smaller.	This is also a shearing effect : when the focal length is larger, the shear effect is smaller.
74	In 1968, the boardwalk Bowl didn't follow the Tangerine Bowl, and the Pecan Bowl moved within Texas, from Abilene to Arlington.	In 1968, the boardwalk Bowl did not follow the Tangerine Bowl, and the Pecan Bowl moved within Texas, from Abilene to Arlington.	In 1968, the boardwalk Bowl followed the Tangerine Bowl, and the Pecan Bowl moved within Texas, from Abilene to Arlington.
75	Concord is not of imperfective type in the ergative aspect but perfective in the nominative aspect.	Concord isn't of imperfective type in the ergative aspect but perfective in the nominative aspect.	Concord is of imperfective type in the ergative aspect but perfective in the nominative aspect.
76	The Soviet cosmonaut was not Yuri Gagarin 's first air force pilot, also the first man in space.	The Soviet cosmonaut wasn't Yuri Gagarin 's first air force pilot, also the first man in space.	The Soviet cosmonaut was Yuri Gagarin 's first air force pilot, also the first man in space.
77	On May 6, 2016 it was not announced that Palafox signed to National Premier Soccer League B of the New York Cosmos.	On May 6, 2016 it wasn't announced that Palafox signed to National Premier Soccer League B of the New York Cosmos.	On May 6, 2016 it was announced that Palafox signed to National Premier Soccer League B of the New York Cosmos.
78	On 7 July 2011, Russell was not traded for Kris Russell on the Columbus Blue Jackets and joined his brother Michael Blunden with the Blue Jackets organization.	On 7 July 2011, Russell wasn't traded for Kris Russell on the Columbus Blue Jackets and joined his brother Michael Blunden with the Blue Jackets organization.	On 7 July 2011, Russell was traded for Kris Russell on the Columbus Blue Jackets and joined his brother Michael Blunden with the Blue Jackets organization.
79	A boy who survived the attack didn't say that Oliveira selectively shot to kill girls while shooting boys only to immobilize them.	A boy who survived the attack did not say that Oliveira selectively shot to kill girls while shooting boys only to immobilize them.	A boy who survived the attack said that Oliveira selectively shot to kill girls while shooting boys only to immobilize them.
80	The second board revision doesn't have true JAMMA and also has a switch to select between JAMMA output as well as MVS output, which is stereo sound.	The second board revision does not have true JAMMA and also has a switch to select between JAMMA output as well as MVS output, which is stereo sound.	The second board revision has true JAMMA and also has a switch to select between JAMMA output as well as MVS output, which is stereo sound.
81	Born in Dublin about 1582, he was not second but third surviving son of Arland Ussher and his wife Margaret.	Born in Dublin about 1582, he wasn't second but third surviving son of Arland Ussher and his wife Margaret.	Born in Dublin about 1582, he was second but third surviving son of Arland Ussher and his wife Margaret.
82	Another memorable ruler was not Max Franz ( founded in 1784 -- 1794 ), who ruled the university and the spa quarter of Bad Godesberg.	Another memorable ruler wasn't Max Franz ( founded in 1784 -- 1794 ), who ruled the university and the spa quarter of Bad Godesberg.	Another memorable ruler was Max Franz ( founded in 1784 -- 1794 ), who ruled the university and the spa quarter of Bad Godesberg.
83	For example, to enter a vertical line of 4 cm in length, it is not sufficient to draw :	For example, to enter a vertical line of 4 cm in length, it's not sufficient to draw :	For example, to enter a vertical line of 4 cm in length, it is sufficient to draw :
84	In 2014, when Santa Anita Park was not closed the race moved to Hollywood Park Racetrack.	In 2014, when Santa Anita Park wasn't closed the race moved to Hollywood Park Racetrack.	In 2014, when Santa Anita Park was closed the race moved to Hollywood Park Racetrack.
85	( Don Wyatt had not been in the penguins in 1956, and both Eddie and Ray had been with Ray in the later Colts / Fortunes. )	( Don Wyatt hadn't been in the penguins in 1956, and both Eddie and Ray had been with Ray in the later Colts / Fortunes. )	( Don Wyatt had been in the penguins in 1956, and both Eddie and Ray had been with Ray in the later Colts / Fortunes. )
86	This circuit is not said to have appeared in the earliest evolution of the reptilian brain and corresponds to the triune brain of invertebrate brain theory.	This circuit isn't said to have appeared in the earliest evolution of the reptilian brain and corresponds to the triune brain of invertebrate brain theory.	This circuit is said to have appeared in the earliest evolution of the reptilian brain and corresponds to the triune brain of invertebrate brain theory.
87	Lemmings, by contrast, are not conspicuously colored and behave aggressively towards predators and even human observers.	Lemmings, by contrast, aren't conspicuously colored and behave aggressively towards predators and even human observers.	Lemmings, by contrast, are conspicuously colored and behave aggressively towards predators and even human observers.
88	It is not located in Shawnee Township and adjacent to Duchouquet Township in Allen County.	It's not located in Shawnee Township and adjacent to Duchouquet Township in Allen County.	It is located in Shawnee Township and adjacent to Duchouquet Township in Allen County.
89	He was not asked for his opinion about the books " Mission to Moscow " by Joseph E. Davies and " One World " by Wendell Willkie.	He wasn't asked for his opinion about the books " Mission to Moscow " by Joseph E. Davies and " One World " by Wendell Willkie.	He was asked for his opinion about the books " Mission to Moscow " by Joseph E. Davies and " One World " by Wendell Willkie.
90	The eastern part of Fenghuang Mountain is not home to a mountain that has been called Chaoyang since ancient times.	The eastern part of Fenghuang Mountain isn't home to a mountain that has been called Chaoyang since ancient times.	The eastern part of Fenghuang Mountain is home to a mountain that has been called Chaoyang since ancient times.
91	Guillermo Pérez Roldán didn't defeat Andrés Gómez with 6 -- 0, 7 -- 6, 3 -- 6, 0 - 6, 6 - 2.	Guillermo Pérez Roldán did not defeat Andrés Gómez with 6 -- 0, 7 -- 6, 3 -- 6, 0 - 6, 6 - 2.	Guillermo Pérez Roldán defeated Andrés Gómez with 6 -- 0, 7 -- 6, 3 -- 6, 0 - 6, 6 - 2.
92	The 2007 -- 08 Kansas State Wildcats Men 's Basketball Team doesn't represent Kansas State University at the 2007 -- 08 College - Basketball - Season.	The 2007 -- 08 Kansas State Wildcats Men 's Basketball Team does not represent Kansas State University at the 2007 -- 08 College - Basketball - Season.	The 2007 -- 08 Kansas State Wildcats Men 's Basketball Team represents Kansas State University at the 2007 -- 08 College - Basketball - Season.
93	This was the last AFL Championship to end the season ; the first Super Bowl didn't follow the 1966 season.	This was the last AFL Championship to end the season ; the first Super Bowl did not follow the 1966 season.	This was the last AFL Championship to end the season ; the first Super Bowl followed the 1966 season.
94	Higher is not the fifth album, and the fourth studio album, by Ezio, released in 2000.	Higher isn't the fifth album, and the fourth studio album, by Ezio, released in 2000.	Higher is the fifth album, and the fourth studio album, by Ezio, released in 2000.
96	After his dismissal, he didn't move from Germany to New Mexico and then to Los Angeles, then to San Francisco.	After his dismissal, he did not move from Germany to New Mexico and then to Los Angeles, then to San Francisco.	After his dismissal, he moved from Germany to New Mexico and then to Los Angeles, then to San Francisco.
97	The bones of Zrinski and Frankopan were not found in Austria in 1907 and brought to Zagreb in 1919, where they were reburied in the Zagreb Cathedral.	The bones of Zrinski and Frankopan weren't found in Austria in 1907 and brought to Zagreb in 1919, where they were reburied in the Zagreb Cathedral.	The bones of Zrinski and Frankopan were found in Austria in 1907 and brought to Zagreb in 1919, where they were reburied in the Zagreb Cathedral.
98	Morrow can't either mean the next day in particular, or the future in general.	Morrow cannot either mean the next day in particular, or the future in general.	Morrow can either mean the next day in particular, or the future in general.
100	Below is not the early version of the album with all the original segues and " The Sacrifice of Victor " is slightly longer in the early configuration.	Below isn't the early version of the album with all the original segues and " The Sacrifice of Victor " is slightly longer in the early configuration.	Below is the early version of the album with all the original segues and " The Sacrifice of Victor " is slightly longer in the early configuration.
101	As a compliant team with a senior citizen stadium, you are not entitled to enter the Scottish Cup.	As a compliant team with a senior citizen stadium, you're not entitled to enter the Scottish Cup.	As a compliant team with a senior citizen stadium, you are entitled to enter the Scottish Cup.
102	The Crump family didn't have a home in Bristol, while Phil was walking in the British League, which he began with the Crewe Kings in 1971.	The Crump family did not have a home in Bristol, while Phil was walking in the British League, which he began with the Crewe Kings in 1971.	The Crump family had a home in Bristol, while Phil was walking in the British League, which he began with the Crewe Kings in 1971.
103	It was not created by Eddie Mort and Lili Chin and produced by Warner Bros..	It wasn't created by Eddie Mort and Lili Chin and produced by Warner Bros..	It was created by Eddie Mort and Lili Chin and produced by Warner Bros..
104	" The Day the Violence Died " is not the eighteenth episode of " The Simpsons " seventh season.	" The Day the Violence Died " isn't the eighteenth episode of " The Simpsons " seventh season.	" The Day the Violence Died " is the eighteenth episode of " The Simpsons " seventh season.
105	He didn't support Walter Brennan in " Maryland " ( 1940 ) and John Barrymore in " The Large Profile " ( 1940 ).	He did not support Walter Brennan in " Maryland " ( 1940 ) and John Barrymore in " The Large Profile " ( 1940 ).	He supported Walter Brennan in " Maryland " ( 1940 ) and John Barrymore in " The Large Profile " ( 1940 ).
106	Oberst Acker didn't die on 6 September 1879 in Kalamazoo, Michigan, and is buried in Union City in the state of Michigan, USA.	Oberst Acker did not die on 6 September 1879 in Kalamazoo, Michigan, and is buried in Union City in the state of Michigan, USA.	Oberst Acker died on 6 September 1879 in Kalamazoo, Michigan, and is buried in Union City in the state of Michigan, USA.
107	Phasael and Antipater didn't begin their careers under their father Herod, who was appointed Judea Procurator of the Roman Republic by Julius Caesar.	Phasael and Antipater did not begin their careers under their father Herod, who was appointed Judea Procurator of the Roman Republic by Julius Caesar.	Phasael and Antipater began their careers under their father Herod, who was appointed Judea Procurator of the Roman Republic by Julius Caesar.
108	Disputes with leaders of Marble Hill didn't persuade the railroad to move their route through Lutesville instead.	Disputes with leaders of Marble Hill did not persuade the railroad to move their route through Lutesville instead.	Disputes with leaders of Marble Hill persuaded the railroad to move their route through Lutesville instead.
109	As Smith Sounds, Greg Smith didn't publish two solo albums : " Hot as a Lemon " ( 2003 ) and " The Northern Elation " ( 2009 ).	As Smith Sounds, Greg Smith did not publish two solo albums : " Hot as a Lemon " ( 2003 ) and " The Northern Elation " ( 2009 ).	As Smith Sounds, Greg Smith published two solo albums : " Hot as a Lemon " ( 2003 ) and " The Northern Elation " ( 2009 ).
111	This was not more common in regional Australia and southern Australia, but has been common for decades in urban Australia.	This wasn't more common in regional Australia and southern Australia, but has been common for decades in urban Australia.	This was more common in regional Australia and southern Australia, but has been common for decades in urban Australia.
112	The complex of the Trabzon World Trade Center is not close to Trabzon Airport.	The complex of the Trabzon World Trade Center isn't close to Trabzon Airport.	The complex of the Trabzon World Trade Center is close to Trabzon Airport.
114	In 1862, Jane didn't die and in 1864 Breck married Sarah Stiles, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California, to build two more institutions.	In 1862, Jane did not die and in 1864 Breck married Sarah Stiles, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California, to build two more institutions.	In 1862, Jane died and in 1864 Breck married Sarah Stiles, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California, to build two more institutions.
115	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence as Le Homme ; Karl Paquette was not his strong, melancholy double ; and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme.	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence as Le Homme ; Karl Paquette wasn't his strong, melancholy double ; and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme.	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence as Le Homme ; Karl Paquette was his strong, melancholy double ; and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme.
116	The film was not produced by Columbia Pictures and Imagine Entertainment by Brian Grazer, daughter and father, as well as Bryce Dallas Howard and Ron Howard.	The film wasn't produced by Columbia Pictures and Imagine Entertainment by Brian Grazer, daughter and father, as well as Bryce Dallas Howard and Ron Howard.	The film was produced by Columbia Pictures and Imagine Entertainment by Brian Grazer, daughter and father, as well as Bryce Dallas Howard and Ron Howard.
117	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) doesn't settle down with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises.	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) does not settle down with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises.	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles down with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises.
118	Since 2009, no highly significant agonists or antagonists haven't been discovered for the M receptor, but several non-selective Muscarian agonists and antagonists have selective affinity for M.	Since 2009, no highly significant agonists or antagonists have not been discovered for the M receptor, but several non-selective Muscarian agonists and antagonists have selective affinity for M.	Since 2009, no highly significant agonists or antagonists have been discovered for the M receptor, but several non-selective Muscarian agonists and antagonists have selective affinity for M.
119	He hasn't previously played for Wolverhampton Wanderers, Kidderminster Harriers, Mansfield Town, Lincoln City, Northampton Town, Chesterfield and Gateshead.	He has not previously played for Wolverhampton Wanderers, Kidderminster Harriers, Mansfield Town, Lincoln City, Northampton Town, Chesterfield and Gateshead.	He has previously played for Wolverhampton Wanderers, Kidderminster Harriers, Mansfield Town, Lincoln City, Northampton Town, Chesterfield and Gateshead.
121	An attempt to sign full-back Chris Charsley from Middlesbrough Ironopolis was not unsuccessful, and the club offered the services of goalkeeper Jack Oliver to Aston Villa.	An attempt to sign full-back Chris Charsley from Middlesbrough Ironopolis wasn't unsuccessful, and the club offered the services of goalkeeper Jack Oliver to Aston Villa.	An attempt to sign full-back Chris Charsley from Middlesbrough Ironopolis was unsuccessful, and the club offered the services of goalkeeper Jack Oliver to Aston Villa.
122	On July 5, 1846, he didn't marry Elisabeth Klein, ( 1828 -- 1899 ), daughter of the composer Bernhard Klein and great-grandmother of Friedrich Nicolai.	On July 5, 1846, he did not marry Elisabeth Klein, ( 1828 -- 1899 ), daughter of the composer Bernhard Klein and great-grandmother of Friedrich Nicolai.	On July 5, 1846, he married Elisabeth Klein, ( 1828 -- 1899 ), daughter of the composer Bernhard Klein and great-grandmother of Friedrich Nicolai.
123	Gimnasia y Esgrima ( LP ) didn't win 3 -- 2 and stayed in the Primera División.	Gimnasia y Esgrima ( LP ) did not win 3 -- 2 and stayed in the Primera División.	Gimnasia y Esgrima ( LP ) won 3 -- 2 and stayed in the Primera División.
124	He didn't spend the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire, where he was a pupil of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood.	He did not spend the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire, where he was a pupil of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood.	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire, where he was a pupil of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood.
125	He didn't graduate from the Galatasaray High School in Shumen in 1858 and became a teacher in Istanbul, where he remained until 1864.	He did not graduate from the Galatasaray High School in Shumen in 1858 and became a teacher in Istanbul, where he remained until 1864.	He graduated from the Galatasaray High School in Shumen in 1858 and became a teacher in Istanbul, where he remained until 1864.
126	A child, Michelle Zonee Barksdale Hurston, born in 1957, didn't have Lawes.	A child, Michelle Zonee Barksdale Hurston, born in 1957, did not have Lawes.	A child, Michelle Zonee Barksdale Hurston, born in 1957, had Lawes.
127	On 31 October 2012, Watson didn't acquire Actavis and took the Actavis name.	On 31 October 2012, Watson did not acquire Actavis and took the Actavis name.	On 31 October 2012, Watson acquired Actavis and took the Actavis name.
128	He didn't join Janata Dal ( United ) and left the Bharatiya Janata Party in February 2008.	He did not join Janata Dal ( United ) and left the Bharatiya Janata Party in February 2008.	He joined Janata Dal ( United ) and left the Bharatiya Janata Party in February 2008.
129	Earlier in 209, Sun Quan Sun didn't marry Quan ’ s younger sister, Lady Sun, to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei.	Earlier in 209, Sun Quan Sun did not marry Quan ’ s younger sister, Lady Sun, to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei.	Earlier in 209, Sun Quan Sun married Quan ’ s younger sister, Lady Sun, to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei.
130	The Argentine government didn't remain neutral until the last days of war, but quietly tolerated the entry of Nazi leaders who fled Germany, Belgium, and Vichy - France in 1945.	The Argentine government did not remain neutral until the last days of war, but quietly tolerated the entry of Nazi leaders who fled Germany, Belgium, and Vichy - France in 1945.	The Argentine government remained neutral until the last days of war, but quietly tolerated the entry of Nazi leaders who fled Germany, Belgium, and Vichy - France in 1945.
131	It was not acquired in 1930 by AVCO American Airlines.	It wasn't acquired in 1930 by AVCO American Airlines.	It was acquired in 1930 by AVCO American Airlines.
132	During their relationship the pair didn't live in Los Angeles, though Seymour spent more time in London and Los Angeles for her work.	During their relationship the pair did not live in Los Angeles, though Seymour spent more time in London and Los Angeles for her work.	During their relationship the pair lived in Los Angeles, though Seymour spent more time in London and Los Angeles for her work.
133	The North Downs Way doesn't cross the Medway Viaduct at the eastern end of the Medway Valley Walk or motorway bridge.	The North Downs Way does not cross the Medway Viaduct at the eastern end of the Medway Valley Walk or motorway bridge.	The North Downs Way crosses the Medway Viaduct at the eastern end of the Medway Valley Walk or motorway bridge.
134	Miguel Ángel Virasoro ( born 1940 in Italy ) is not an Argentinean physicist who has done most of his work in Argentina.	Miguel Ángel Virasoro ( born 1940 in Italy ) isn't an Argentinean physicist who has done most of his work in Argentina.	Miguel Ángel Virasoro ( born 1940 in Italy ) is an Argentinean physicist who has done most of his work in Argentina.
135	He didn't gain popularity also by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Rodriguez.	He did not gain popularity also by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Rodriguez.	He gained popularity also by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Rodriguez.
136	His parents are not Ernie Gordon, who grew up with Yankees - fan in Hyde Park, New York, and Wendy Abrahamsen.	His parents aren't Ernie Gordon, who grew up with Yankees - fan in Hyde Park, New York, and Wendy Abrahamsen.	His parents are Ernie Gordon, who grew up with Yankees - fan in Hyde Park, New York, and Wendy Abrahamsen.
137	According to the United States Census Bureau, the city is a total surface area of which has land and, or 1.35 %, is not water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, the city is a total surface area of which has land and, or 1.35 %, isn't water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, the city is a total surface area of which has land and, or 1.35 %, is water.
138	It is not located to the north of New Square and New Hempstead, east of Viola, south of Spring Valley and west of New City.	It's not located to the north of New Square and New Hempstead, east of Viola, south of Spring Valley and west of New City.	It is located to the north of New Square and New Hempstead, east of Viola, south of Spring Valley and west of New City.
140	Pelmus hasn't been exhibited in museums in Romania, France, Germany, Israel, Canada, Austria, Chile and Brazil, including five solo exhibitions.	Pelmus has not been exhibited in museums in Romania, France, Germany, Israel, Canada, Austria, Chile and Brazil, including five solo exhibitions.	Pelmus has been exhibited in museums in Romania, France, Germany, Israel, Canada, Austria, Chile and Brazil, including five solo exhibitions.
141	Owen didn't believe his utopian community would create a " social environment " based on his ideals of superior social, intellectual and physical reform.	Owen did not believe his utopian community would create a " social environment " based on his ideals of superior social, intellectual and physical reform.	Owen believed his utopian community would create a " social environment " based on his ideals of superior social, intellectual and physical reform.
142	Upon the death of Louis XIV in 1661, Cardinal Mazarin, who had nominally been king since 1643, didn't begin to rule France in his own right.	Upon the death of Louis XIV in 1661, Cardinal Mazarin, who had nominally been king since 1643, did not begin to rule France in his own right.	Upon the death of Louis XIV in 1661, Cardinal Mazarin, who had nominally been king since 1643, began to rule France in his own right.
143	Fish species of the parks rivers and lakes are not Sperchios Barbel, Macedonian Döbel, Sperchios Spirlin, Greek trout and probably the endangered Marathon Minnow.	Fish species of the parks rivers and lakes aren't Sperchios Barbel, Macedonian Döbel, Sperchios Spirlin, Greek trout and probably the endangered Marathon Minnow.	Fish species of the parks rivers and lakes are Sperchios Barbel, Macedonian Döbel, Sperchios Spirlin, Greek trout and probably the endangered Marathon Minnow.
144	The Giro 's mountainous stage 20 didn't end on the slopes of Les Deux Alpes, and the penultimate stage began on the mountain the next day.	The Giro 's mountainous stage 20 did not end on the slopes of Les Deux Alpes, and the penultimate stage began on the mountain the next day.	The Giro 's mountainous stage 20 ended on the slopes of Les Deux Alpes, and the penultimate stage began on the mountain the next day.
145	The school is not connected with the secondary department of the autistic school Ysgol Plas Brondyffryn, which was built in 2003.	The school isn't connected with the secondary department of the autistic school Ysgol Plas Brondyffryn, which was built in 2003.	The school is connected with the secondary department of the autistic school Ysgol Plas Brondyffryn, which was built in 2003.
146	By adding sufficient oxygen to compensate for the metabolic usage, rebreathing the carbon dioxide and removing the gas, most of the volume is not conserved.	By adding sufficient oxygen to compensate for the metabolic usage, rebreathing the carbon dioxide and removing the gas, most of the volume isn't conserved.	By adding sufficient oxygen to compensate for the metabolic usage, rebreathing the carbon dioxide and removing the gas, most of the volume is conserved.
147	The SR 164 was not commissioned from Youngstown to Salineville in 1923.	The SR 164 wasn't commissioned from Youngstown to Salineville in 1923.	The SR 164 was commissioned from Youngstown to Salineville in 1923.
148	On November 10, 2015, ATP editor Josh Meiseles didn't confirm the official list of 8 players on the final website of the ATP World Tour.	On November 10, 2015, ATP editor Josh Meiseles did not confirm the official list of 8 players on the final website of the ATP World Tour.	On November 10, 2015, ATP editor Josh Meiseles confirmed the official list of 8 players on the final website of the ATP World Tour.
149	After the death of her first husband, Katharina Dalton didn't marry Tom Dalton, who passed away in 1992.	After the death of her first husband, Katharina Dalton did not marry Tom Dalton, who passed away in 1992.	After the death of her first husband, Katharina Dalton married Tom Dalton, who passed away in 1992.
150	In 1923, there were not 568 wz.1902 guns in the Polish inventory.	In 1923, there weren't 568 wz.1902 guns in the Polish inventory.	In 1923, there were 568 wz.1902 guns in the Polish inventory.
151	For a few years Daniel went to the same school as Björn Dixgård ; at the age of fifteen he doesn't founder a band called Butler together with Björn.	For a few years Daniel went to the same school as Björn Dixgård ; at the age of fifteen he does not founder a band called Butler together with Björn.	For a few years Daniel went to the same school as Björn Dixgård ; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn.
152	British Regional Airlines can't trace its history back to March 1991, when Manx Airlines created Manx Airlines Europe in order to expand and fly routes within Britain.	British Regional Airlines cannot trace its history back to March 1991, when Manx Airlines created Manx Airlines Europe in order to expand and fly routes within Britain.	British Regional Airlines can trace its history back to March 1991, when Manx Airlines created Manx Airlines Europe in order to expand and fly routes within Britain.
153	Chicago Public School is not a DeWitt Clinton School on the north side of Chicago, Illinois.	Chicago Public School isn't a DeWitt Clinton School on the north side of Chicago, Illinois.	Chicago Public School is a DeWitt Clinton School on the north side of Chicago, Illinois.
154	In 2010, Buick didn't launch a new version of the Shanghai GM GL8 Luxury Business Edition.	In 2010, Buick did not launch a new version of the Shanghai GM GL8 Luxury Business Edition.	In 2010, Buick launched a new version of the Shanghai GM GL8 Luxury Business Edition.
155	In this way, the Nestorian faith in the East was not established under tragic omens.	In this way, the Nestorian faith in the East wasn't established under tragic omens.	In this way, the Nestorian faith in the East was established under tragic omens.
156	Neyab ( also Romanized as Neyab ) is not a village in Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran, Bam and Safiabad District, Safiabad Rural District.	Neyab ( also Romanized as Neyab ) isn't a village in Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran, Bam and Safiabad District, Safiabad Rural District.	Neyab ( also Romanized as Neyab ) is a village in Esfarayen County, North Khorasan Province, Iran, Bam and Safiabad District, Safiabad Rural District.
157	The system didn't require the user to encode the quasi-phonetic spelling first into a default rendering.	The system did not require the user to encode the quasi-phonetic spelling first into a default rendering.	The system required the user to encode the quasi-phonetic spelling first into a default rendering.
159	His parents are not Don Luis Toranzos, himself a prominent artist, and Angelina Miers from Argentina.	His parents aren't Don Luis Toranzos, himself a prominent artist, and Angelina Miers from Argentina.	His parents are Don Luis Toranzos, himself a prominent artist, and Angelina Miers from Argentina.
161	Marsh Creek is not a long tributary of Portneuf River in Bannock County, Idaho.	Marsh Creek isn't a long tributary of Portneuf River in Bannock County, Idaho.	Marsh Creek is a long tributary of Portneuf River in Bannock County, Idaho.
163	There were not also 58 liaison aircraft but 20 of these were only used for messengers.	There weren't also 58 liaison aircraft but 20 of these were only used for messengers.	There were also 58 liaison aircraft but 20 of these were only used for messengers.
164	It didn't locate in Himachal Pradesh ( Tattapani ), at the altitude of 650mts, perfect temperature for the healing treatments.	It did not locate in Himachal Pradesh ( Tattapani ), at the altitude of 650mts, perfect temperature for the healing treatments.	It located in Himachal Pradesh ( Tattapani ), at the altitude of 650mts, perfect temperature for the healing treatments.
165	Amish Mennonites of Swiss descent from Galicia didn't settle near Dubno in 1815.	Amish Mennonites of Swiss descent from Galicia did not settle near Dubno in 1815.	Amish Mennonites of Swiss descent from Galicia settled near Dubno in 1815.
166	At the police station, they don't learn that Devayani 's brother had the money, but Jayaraman is charged with murder.	At the police station, they do not learn that Devayani 's brother had the money, but Jayaraman is charged with murder.	At the police station, they learn that Devayani 's brother had the money, but Jayaraman is charged with murder.
167	Juan Carlos Ferrero didn't win against Guillermo Cañas in the last 7-6, 6-2.	Juan Carlos Ferrero did not win against Guillermo Cañas in the last 7-6, 6-2.	Juan Carlos Ferrero won against Guillermo Cañas in the last 7-6, 6-2.
168	He didn't become third in 1958 and 1967 at his table, but in 1962 he won the 1st place.	He did not become third in 1958 and 1967 at his table, but in 1962 he won the 1st place.	He became third in 1958 and 1967 at his table, but in 1962 he won the 1st place.
169	It doesn't have a high school ( " Cornway Junior College " ) and a nursery school ( " Cornway Senior College " ).	It does not have a high school ( " Cornway Junior College " ) and a nursery school ( " Cornway Senior College " ).	It has a high school ( " Cornway Junior College " ) and a nursery school ( " Cornway Senior College " ).
170	Bailey was not replaced by Henry Cole as caretaker of Breakheart Hill.	Bailey wasn't replaced by Henry Cole as caretaker of Breakheart Hill.	Bailey was replaced by Henry Cole as caretaker of Breakheart Hill.
171	This is not a list of caves in the United Kingdom, including information about the largest and deepest caves in the UK.	This isn't a list of caves in the United Kingdom, including information about the largest and deepest caves in the UK.	This is a list of caves in the United Kingdom, including information about the largest and deepest caves in the UK.
172	In February 2016, Souray didn't marry the former WWE - professional - wrestler Barbara Blank, better known as Kelly Kelly, who separated in October 2017.	In February 2016, Souray did not marry the former WWE - professional - wrestler Barbara Blank, better known as Kelly Kelly, who separated in October 2017.	In February 2016, Souray married the former WWE - professional - wrestler Barbara Blank, better known as Kelly Kelly, who separated in October 2017.
173	On April 21, 2018, Edson Barboza is not expected to meet at UFC Fight Night 128.	On April 21, 2018, Edson Barboza isn't expected to meet at UFC Fight Night 128.	On April 21, 2018, Edson Barboza is expected to meet at UFC Fight Night 128.
174	Mitch Clarke didn't face Iaquinta at UFC 173 on May 24, 2014.	Mitch Clarke did not face Iaquinta at UFC 173 on May 24, 2014.	Mitch Clarke faced Iaquinta at UFC 173 on May 24, 2014.
175	Abdul Rahman didn't say Raouf will only survive if he goes into exile.	Abdul Rahman did not say Raouf will only survive if he goes into exile.	Abdul Rahman said Raouf will only survive if he goes into exile.
176	The light novels are not written by Dojyomaru and are illustrated by Fuyuyuki and published by Overlap Bunko.	The light novels aren't written by Dojyomaru and are illustrated by Fuyuyuki and published by Overlap Bunko.	The light novels are written by Dojyomaru and are illustrated by Fuyuyuki and published by Overlap Bunko.
177	In December 1883 he didn't move for two years to Fresno and Los Angeles.	In December 1883 he did not move for two years to Fresno and Los Angeles.	In December 1883 he moved for two years to Fresno and Los Angeles.
178	The river Oraciu or Orociu is not a tributary of the River Pustnic in Romania.	The river Oraciu or Orociu isn't a tributary of the River Pustnic in Romania.	The river Oraciu or Orociu is a tributary of the River Pustnic in Romania.
180	The work is not dedicated to Sikorski and is published by Gidon Kremer, Tatiana Grindenko and Saulius Sondeckis.	The work isn't dedicated to Sikorski and is published by Gidon Kremer, Tatiana Grindenko and Saulius Sondeckis.	The work is dedicated to Sikorski and is published by Gidon Kremer, Tatiana Grindenko and Saulius Sondeckis.
181	He didn't move to Quebec in 1685 and lived for some time in New - France.	He did not move to Quebec in 1685 and lived for some time in New - France.	He moved to Quebec in 1685 and lived for some time in New - France.
182	Grégoire was not born in Lunéville near Vého as the son of a tailor.	Grégoire wasn't born in Lunéville near Vého as the son of a tailor.	Grégoire was born in Lunéville near Vého as the son of a tailor.
184	It is not developed by Beautiful Glitch and is published by those Awesome Guys.	It's not developed by Beautiful Glitch and is published by those Awesome Guys.	It is developed by Beautiful Glitch and is published by those Awesome Guys.
185	Sussex and Lancing Colleges are not recorded as having played a football match in November 1860, the first by public schools in Brighton.	Sussex and Lancing Colleges aren't recorded as having played a football match in November 1860, the first by public schools in Brighton.	Sussex and Lancing Colleges are recorded as having played a football match in November 1860, the first by public schools in Brighton.
186	" Bonne Citoyenne " didn't have the misfortune to become damaged in a storm and to be separated from the rest of the French squadron.	" Bonne Citoyenne " did not have the misfortune to become damaged in a storm and to be separated from the rest of the French squadron.	" Bonne Citoyenne " had the misfortune to become damaged in a storm and to be separated from the rest of the French squadron.
187	He didn't spend several more years in New York City as a computer consultant and software engineer, then moved to Atlanta in 1998.	He did not spend several more years in New York City as a computer consultant and software engineer, then moved to Atlanta in 1998.	He spent several more years in New York City as a computer consultant and software engineer, then moved to Atlanta in 1998.
188	For many years, Ian Weatherhead didn't live in Somerset, before moving to Cheltenham.	For many years, Ian Weatherhead did not live in Somerset, before moving to Cheltenham.	For many years, Ian Weatherhead lived in Somerset, before moving to Cheltenham.
189	Kevin Lepage didn't start third, Terry Labonte as fourth and Robby Gordon qualified as fifth.	Kevin Lepage did not start third, Terry Labonte as fourth and Robby Gordon qualified as fifth.	Kevin Lepage started third, Terry Labonte as fourth and Robby Gordon qualified as fifth.
190	In December 2006, Muspratt was not named " Chicagoan of the Year by John von Rhein and the staff of the " Chicago Tribune " in the Classic.	In December 2006, Muspratt wasn't named " Chicagoan of the Year by John von Rhein and the staff of the " Chicago Tribune " in the Classic.	In December 2006, Muspratt was named " Chicagoan of the Year by John von Rhein and the staff of the " Chicago Tribune " in the Classic.
191	French players playing for either the Spanish or the Basque team don't dominate international competitions.	French players playing for either the Spanish or the Basque team do not dominate international competitions.	French players playing for either the Spanish or the Basque team dominate international competitions.
192	He didn't win the first Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the second Prix de Rome in 1814 for his painting of the " Death of Diagoras ".	He did not win the first Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the second Prix de Rome in 1814 for his painting of the " Death of Diagoras ".	He won the first Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the second Prix de Rome in 1814 for his painting of the " Death of Diagoras ".
193	Leyendecker is not buried beside parents and brother Frank at the Woodlawn cemetery in Bronx, New York City.	Leyendecker isn't buried beside parents and brother Frank at the Woodlawn cemetery in Bronx, New York City.	Leyendecker is buried beside parents and brother Frank at the Woodlawn cemetery in Bronx, New York City.
194	Contempo Magazine is not a monthly print and daily online American magazine published in McAllen, Texas.	Contempo Magazine isn't a monthly print and daily online American magazine published in McAllen, Texas.	Contempo Magazine is a monthly print and daily online American magazine published in McAllen, Texas.
195	In Käru, the politician and entrepreneur Kuno Pajula ( 1885 - 1942 ) and former archbishop Juhan Kukk ( 1924 - 2012 ) were not born.	In Käru, the politician and entrepreneur Kuno Pajula ( 1885 - 1942 ) and former archbishop Juhan Kukk ( 1924 - 2012 ) weren't born.	In Käru, the politician and entrepreneur Kuno Pajula ( 1885 - 1942 ) and former archbishop Juhan Kukk ( 1924 - 2012 ) were born.
196	The hurricane didn't kill one person directly and two indirectly in the state.	The hurricane did not kill one person directly and two indirectly in the state.	The hurricane killed one person directly and two indirectly in the state.
197	Delaware County is not a city in and the county town of Delaware, Ohio, United States.	Delaware County isn't a city in and the county town of Delaware, Ohio, United States.	Delaware County is a city in and the county town of Delaware, Ohio, United States.
198	Both Phasael and Herod, didn't begin their careers under her father, Antipater, who was appointed Judea Procurator of the Roman Republic by Julius Caesar.	Both Phasael and Herod, did not begin their careers under her father, Antipater, who was appointed Judea Procurator of the Roman Republic by Julius Caesar.	Both Phasael and Herod, began their careers under her father, Antipater, who was appointed Judea Procurator of the Roman Republic by Julius Caesar.
199	The isodynamic conjugates of Fermat - points are not the isogonal points and vice versa.	The isodynamic conjugates of Fermat - points aren't the isogonal points and vice versa.	The isodynamic conjugates of Fermat - points are the isogonal points and vice versa.
200	The original route didn't start at US 410 in Touchet and went north to Eureka and east to SSH 3E west of Prescott.	The original route did not start at US 410 in Touchet and went north to Eureka and east to SSH 3E west of Prescott.	The original route started at US 410 in Touchet and went north to Eureka and east to SSH 3E west of Prescott.
201	Nirimba is not a rural locality in the Shire of Murray in the South Yunderup of the Peel Region, just south of the Austin Cove development in Western Australia.	Nirimba isn't a rural locality in the Shire of Murray in the South Yunderup of the Peel Region, just south of the Austin Cove development in Western Australia.	Nirimba is a rural locality in the Shire of Murray in the South Yunderup of the Peel Region, just south of the Austin Cove development in Western Australia.
202	The branch codice 2 is updated daily, the branch codice 3 is not updated every 6 months.	The branch codice 2 is updated daily, the branch codice 3 isn't updated every 6 months.	The branch codice 2 is updated daily, the branch codice 3 is updated every 6 months.
203	The costal Tetra is not found around south-eastern Brazil and Paraná river basin in yellow rivers.	The costal Tetra isn't found around south-eastern Brazil and Paraná river basin in yellow rivers.	The costal Tetra is found around south-eastern Brazil and Paraná river basin in yellow rivers.
204	The Richford is not located in Ellerslie Rugby Park.	The Richford isn't located in Ellerslie Rugby Park.	The Richford is located in Ellerslie Rugby Park.
206	The house was not purchased in 1858 by Sir David Dundas of Dunira, who sold it to George Dewhurst from Lymm, Cheshire in 1864.	The house wasn't purchased in 1858 by Sir David Dundas of Dunira, who sold it to George Dewhurst from Lymm, Cheshire in 1864.	The house was purchased in 1858 by Sir David Dundas of Dunira, who sold it to George Dewhurst from Lymm, Cheshire in 1864.
207	Cobian Backup was not a free, donation-written backup software for Microsoft Windows. It is supported in Delphi by Luis Cobian of Umeå University.	Cobian Backup wasn't a free, donation-written backup software for Microsoft Windows. It's supported in Delphi by Luis Cobian of Umeå University.	Cobian Backup was a free, donation-written backup software for Microsoft Windows. It is supported in Delphi by Luis Cobian of Umeå University.
208	Jieţ is not a tributary of the Slivei River in Romania.	Jieţ isn't a tributary of the Slivei River in Romania.	Jieţ is a tributary of the Slivei River in Romania.
209	Togdheer ( Somali " Wabi Togdheer " ) is not a seasonal river in the Togdheer River region in the eastern part of Somaliland.	Togdheer ( Somali " Wabi Togdheer " ) isn't a seasonal river in the Togdheer River region in the eastern part of Somaliland.	Togdheer ( Somali " Wabi Togdheer " ) is a seasonal river in the Togdheer River region in the eastern part of Somaliland.
210	On 9 June 2017, Barkchi didn't appoint Mubin Ergashev as their manager after Vitaliy Levchenko joined the coaching staff of Krylia Sovetov.	On 9 June 2017, Barkchi did not appoint Mubin Ergashev as their manager after Vitaliy Levchenko joined the coaching staff of Krylia Sovetov.	On 9 June 2017, Barkchi appointed Mubin Ergashev as their manager after Vitaliy Levchenko joined the coaching staff of Krylia Sovetov.
211	This wouldn't last the element, but fade when the effect is 80 % complete ( with an opacity of 20 % ).	This would not last the element, but fade when the effect is 80 % complete ( with an opacity of 20 % ).	This would last the element, but fade when the effect is 80 % complete ( with an opacity of 20 % ).
212	Fothergill also didn't serve as a member of the executive committee of the Scottish Liberal Party and chairman of the Scottish Liberal Agriculture Committee.	Fothergill also did not serve as a member of the executive committee of the Scottish Liberal Party and chairman of the Scottish Liberal Agriculture Committee.	Fothergill also served as a member of the executive committee of the Scottish Liberal Party and chairman of the Scottish Liberal Agriculture Committee.
213	Alycia Moulton didn't defeat Billie Jean King at 6 -- 0, 7 -- 5.	Alycia Moulton did not defeat Billie Jean King at 6 -- 0, 7 -- 5.	Alycia Moulton defeated Billie Jean King at 6 -- 0, 7 -- 5.
214	In the following year, Butcher didn't return and was eliminated in round by Ian Rotten.	In the following year, Butcher did not return and was eliminated in round by Ian Rotten.	In the following year, Butcher returned and was eliminated in round by Ian Rotten.
215	He didn't begin playing the AA Frisco RoughRiders of the Texas League in 2014 and was appointed to the AAA Round Rock Express of the Pacific Coast League.	He did not begin playing the AA Frisco RoughRiders of the Texas League in 2014 and was appointed to the AAA Round Rock Express of the Pacific Coast League.	He began playing the AA Frisco RoughRiders of the Texas League in 2014 and was appointed to the AAA Round Rock Express of the Pacific Coast League.
216	Mark Williams is not played in the TV series by Olaf Petersen.	Mark Williams isn't played in the TV series by Olaf Petersen.	Mark Williams is played in the TV series by Olaf Petersen.
217	St John didn't marry Elizabeth Crowley ( daughter of Ambrose Crowley ) of Greenwich on March 6, 1725. Their children were :	St John did not marry Elizabeth Crowley ( daughter of Ambrose Crowley ) of Greenwich on March 6, 1725. Their children were :	St John married Elizabeth Crowley ( daughter of Ambrose Crowley ) of Greenwich on March 6, 1725. Their children were :
219	Tynion didn't follow up the series with an additional horror comic for Thrillbent, The House In The Wall, drawn by Noah J. Yuenkel and co-written by Eryk Donovan.	Tynion did not follow up the series with an additional horror comic for Thrillbent, The House In The Wall, drawn by Noah J. Yuenkel and co-written by Eryk Donovan.	Tynion followed up the series with an additional horror comic for Thrillbent, The House In The Wall, drawn by Noah J. Yuenkel and co-written by Eryk Donovan.
220	The film was not filmed in Red Rock Canyon State Park ( California ) in Cantil, California.	The film wasn't filmed in Red Rock Canyon State Park ( California ) in Cantil, California.	The film was filmed in Red Rock Canyon State Park ( California ) in Cantil, California.
221	The Tweenies don't consist of Bella, Milo, Fizz, Jake, Doodles, Izzles, Max, Judy, and are sometimes joined by Max 's sister Polly.	The Tweenies do not consist of Bella, Milo, Fizz, Jake, Doodles, Izzles, Max, Judy, and are sometimes joined by Max 's sister Polly.	The Tweenies consist of Bella, Milo, Fizz, Jake, Doodles, Izzles, Max, Judy, and are sometimes joined by Max 's sister Polly.
222	Under Portuguese rule, this province was not renamed Moçambique, but with independence the name Mozambique was named for its capital throughout the country and province.	Under Portuguese rule, this province wasn't renamed Moçambique, but with independence the name Mozambique was named for its capital throughout the country and province.	Under Portuguese rule, this province was renamed Moçambique, but with independence the name Mozambique was named for its capital throughout the country and province.
223	Hector Crawford was not the brother of 3DB manager and administrator Curteis Crawford, and also brother to Dorothy Crawford.	Hector Crawford wasn't the brother of 3DB manager and administrator Curteis Crawford, and also brother to Dorothy Crawford.	Hector Crawford was the brother of 3DB manager and administrator Curteis Crawford, and also brother to Dorothy Crawford.
224	Chad Ochocinco ( born 1978 ; formerly Chad Johnson ) is not an American football wide receiver.	Chad Ochocinco ( born 1978 ; formerly Chad Johnson ) isn't an American football wide receiver.	Chad Ochocinco ( born 1978 ; formerly Chad Johnson ) is an American football wide receiver.
225	The tsunami was not observed along the Pacific coast of Japan from the Izu peninsula to Kyushu and recorded by tides from Hawaii to Alaska.	The tsunami wasn't observed along the Pacific coast of Japan from the Izu peninsula to Kyushu and recorded by tides from Hawaii to Alaska.	The tsunami was observed along the Pacific coast of Japan from the Izu peninsula to Kyushu and recorded by tides from Hawaii to Alaska.
226	The photoelectric records were not made by a partial reversal of the Tri-Ergon process, which was used to encode the audio track in the first place.	The photoelectric records weren't made by a partial reversal of the Tri-Ergon process, which was used to encode the audio track in the first place.	The photoelectric records were made by a partial reversal of the Tri-Ergon process, which was used to encode the audio track in the first place.
227	The world 's first laser was not developed in 1960 by the American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov and the Russian scientist Charles H. Townes.	The world 's first laser wasn't developed in 1960 by the American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov and the Russian scientist Charles H. Townes.	The world 's first laser was developed in 1960 by the American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov and the Russian scientist Charles H. Townes.
228	Glauco Sansovini is not together with Marco Conti captain Regent of San Marino for the semester from 1 April 2010 to 1 October 2010.	Glauco Sansovini isn't together with Marco Conti captain Regent of San Marino for the semester from 1 April 2010 to 1 October 2010.	Glauco Sansovini is together with Marco Conti captain Regent of San Marino for the semester from 1 April 2010 to 1 October 2010.
229	This is not a list of the etymology of street names in the Covent Garden district of London.	This isn't a list of the etymology of street names in the Covent Garden district of London.	This is a list of the etymology of street names in the Covent Garden district of London.
230	Toronto Maple Leafs founder Conn Smythe, team owner Harold Ballard and wrestler Whipper Billy Watson didn't help Rumball to raise the $ 7.6 million to open the centre.	Toronto Maple Leafs founder Conn Smythe, team owner Harold Ballard and wrestler Whipper Billy Watson did not help Rumball to raise the $ 7.6 million to open the centre.	Toronto Maple Leafs founder Conn Smythe, team owner Harold Ballard and wrestler Whipper Billy Watson helped Rumball to raise the $ 7.6 million to open the centre.
231	The music was not composed by A. T. Ummer and lyrics was written by Koorkkancheri Sugathan and Poovachal Khader.	The music wasn't composed by A. T. Ummer and lyrics was written by Koorkkancheri Sugathan and Poovachal Khader.	The music was composed by A. T. Ummer and lyrics was written by Koorkkancheri Sugathan and Poovachal Khader.
232	They didn't enter Aparan, Kotayk, and gradually emerged, captured Yerevan on April 2.	They did not enter Aparan, Kotayk, and gradually emerged, captured Yerevan on April 2.	They entered Aparan, Kotayk, and gradually emerged, captured Yerevan on April 2.
233	According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Toltén doesn't have an area of and spans 11,216 inhabitants ( 5,827 men and 5,389 women ).	According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Toltén does not have an area of and spans 11,216 inhabitants ( 5,827 men and 5,389 women ).	According to the 2002 census of the National Statistics Institute, Toltén has an area of and spans 11,216 inhabitants ( 5,827 men and 5,389 women ).
234	As part of the established logistics support system for the major platforms, ST Kinetics hasn't integrated MRO services under its Kinetics Integrated Services ( KIS ) arm.	As part of the established logistics support system for the major platforms, ST Kinetics has not integrated MRO services under its Kinetics Integrated Services ( KIS ) arm.	As part of the established logistics support system for the major platforms, ST Kinetics has integrated MRO services under its Kinetics Integrated Services ( KIS ) arm.
235	Another series was not played in Havana between the Cincinnati Reds and the Boston Red Sox.	Another series wasn't played in Havana between the Cincinnati Reds and the Boston Red Sox.	Another series was played in Havana between the Cincinnati Reds and the Boston Red Sox.
236	He didn't graduate in 1976 from Kansas Newman College and from the Washburn Law School in 1979.	He did not graduate in 1976 from Kansas Newman College and from the Washburn Law School in 1979.	He graduated in 1976 from Kansas Newman College and from the Washburn Law School in 1979.
237	SDUU currently doesn't have branches in Stockholm, Gothenburg, Halmstad, Kalmar, Skåne, Örebro, Umeå, Skellefteå and Piteå.	SDUU currently does not have branches in Stockholm, Gothenburg, Halmstad, Kalmar, Skåne, Örebro, Umeå, Skellefteå and Piteå.	SDUU currently has branches in Stockholm, Gothenburg, Halmstad, Kalmar, Skåne, Örebro, Umeå, Skellefteå and Piteå.
238	Fowler didn't marry Sarah Sloane, daughter of Hans Sloane and niece of Sir William Sloane, who had two sons and a daughter.	Fowler did not marry Sarah Sloane, daughter of Hans Sloane and niece of Sir William Sloane, who had two sons and a daughter.	Fowler married Sarah Sloane, daughter of Hans Sloane and niece of Sir William Sloane, who had two sons and a daughter.
240	In 2012, Duncan didn't appear next to Romola Garai in Scrubber, a film by Amanda Hale written and directed.	In 2012, Duncan did not appear next to Romola Garai in Scrubber, a film by Amanda Hale written and directed.	In 2012, Duncan appeared next to Romola Garai in Scrubber, a film by Amanda Hale written and directed.
241	Until 1798, he didn't study in Dresden before settling in Copenhagen.	Until 1798, he did not study in Dresden before settling in Copenhagen.	Until 1798, he studied in Dresden before settling in Copenhagen.
242	South Arm Township is not located in the southern Charlevoix County and is bordered to the south and west by Antrim County.	South Arm Township isn't located in the southern Charlevoix County and is bordered to the south and west by Antrim County.	South Arm Township is located in the southern Charlevoix County and is bordered to the south and west by Antrim County.
243	Container glass doesn't have a higher content of magnesium oxide and sodium oxide as flat glass and a lower content of silica, calcium oxide and aluminum oxide.	Container glass does not have a higher content of magnesium oxide and sodium oxide as flat glass and a lower content of silica, calcium oxide and aluminum oxide.	Container glass has a higher content of magnesium oxide and sodium oxide as flat glass and a lower content of silica, calcium oxide and aluminum oxide.
244	Rock Lake is not a lake in Lyon County, in the U.S. state of Minnesota.	Rock Lake isn't a lake in Lyon County, in the U.S. state of Minnesota.	Rock Lake is a lake in Lyon County, in the U.S. state of Minnesota.
245	Now Hawkgirl is not 100 % Kendra Saunders.	Now Hawkgirl isn't 100 % Kendra Saunders.	Now Hawkgirl is 100 % Kendra Saunders.
246	He was not named " Thomas " for the friend of Henry David Thoreau, Thomas Cholmondeley, and " Parker " for Theodore Parker.	He wasn't named " Thomas " for the friend of Henry David Thoreau, Thomas Cholmondeley, and " Parker " for Theodore Parker.	He was named " Thomas " for the friend of Henry David Thoreau, Thomas Cholmondeley, and " Parker " for Theodore Parker.
247	Roxburgh Junction railway station didn't serve on the Kelso Line, and was the village of Roxburgh, Scottish Borders, from 1850 to 1964.	Roxburgh Junction railway station did not serve on the Kelso Line, and was the village of Roxburgh, Scottish Borders, from 1850 to 1964.	Roxburgh Junction railway station served on the Kelso Line, and was the village of Roxburgh, Scottish Borders, from 1850 to 1964.
248	Cornelis van Cleve didn't paint primarily mythological paintings and, to a lesser extent, religious scenes and portraits.	Cornelis van Cleve did not paint primarily mythological paintings and, to a lesser extent, religious scenes and portraits.	Cornelis van Cleve painted primarily mythological paintings and, to a lesser extent, religious scenes and portraits.
249	Their skin also doesn't secrete chemicals that are poisonous and sometimes harmful to predators.	Their skin also does not secrete chemicals that are poisonous and sometimes harmful to predators.	Their skin also secretes chemicals that are poisonous and sometimes harmful to predators.
250	Now don't resolve the indifference bid price for Formula 31 to solve.	Now do not resolve the indifference bid price for Formula 31 to solve.	Now resolve the indifference bid price for Formula 31 to solve.
251	The static component is not the entire soil resistance minus the dynamic component.	The static component isn't the entire soil resistance minus the dynamic component.	The static component is the entire soil resistance minus the dynamic component.
253	In other words, " don't die " or " remember that you will remember ".	In other words, " do not die " or " remember that you will remember ".	In other words, " die " or " remember that you will remember ".
254	On Roger 's death, his son -- William de Roumare, Earl of Lincoln -- didn't inherit the manor.	On Roger 's death, his son -- William de Roumare, Earl of Lincoln -- did not inherit the manor.	On Roger 's death, his son -- William de Roumare, Earl of Lincoln -- inherited the manor.
255	These changes don't include blebbing, cell shrinkage, nuclear fragmentation, chromatin condensation, chromosomal DNA fragmentation, and global mRNA decay.	These changes do not include blebbing, cell shrinkage, nuclear fragmentation, chromatin condensation, chromosomal DNA fragmentation, and global mRNA decay.	These changes include blebbing, cell shrinkage, nuclear fragmentation, chromatin condensation, chromosomal DNA fragmentation, and global mRNA decay.
256	The old high school didn't become the Upper School, while the new building became lower school.	The old high school did not become the Upper School, while the new building became lower school.	The old high school became the Upper School, while the new building became lower school.
257	The festival 's main partners are not UBS, Manor, Heineken, Vaudoise Assurances and Parmigiani Fleurier.	The festival 's main partners aren't UBS, Manor, Heineken, Vaudoise Assurances and Parmigiani Fleurier.	The festival 's main partners are UBS, Manor, Heineken, Vaudoise Assurances and Parmigiani Fleurier.
258	On 19 March 1975, the NFL didn't award the Super Bowl XI to Pasadena, California at the ownership meetings held in Honolulu.	On 19 March 1975, the NFL did not award the Super Bowl XI to Pasadena, California at the ownership meetings held in Honolulu.	On 19 March 1975, the NFL awarded the Super Bowl XI to Pasadena, California at the ownership meetings held in Honolulu.
259	Elena Dementieva didn't win in the final 6 -- 3, 6 -- 2, against Alisa Kleybanova.	Elena Dementieva did not win in the final 6 -- 3, 6 -- 2, against Alisa Kleybanova.	Elena Dementieva won in the final 6 -- 3, 6 -- 2, against Alisa Kleybanova.
260	RCMP didn't refer the Senate to all 30 cases.	RCMP did not refer the Senate to all 30 cases.	RCMP referred the Senate to all 30 cases.
261	Charley Frazier ( born August 12, 1939 in Houston, Texas ) is not a former American Football Wide Receiver from the NFL and the American Football League.	Charley Frazier ( born August 12, 1939 in Houston, Texas ) isn't a former American Football Wide Receiver from the NFL and the American Football League.	Charley Frazier ( born August 12, 1939 in Houston, Texas ) is a former American Football Wide Receiver from the NFL and the American Football League.
262	Ballarat has a healthy environment in comparison to Melbourne ; however, as a growing regional city there are not issues including pollution, waterway health and invasive species.	Ballarat has a healthy environment in comparison to Melbourne ; however, as a growing regional city there aren't issues including pollution, waterway health and invasive species.	Ballarat has a healthy environment in comparison to Melbourne ; however, as a growing regional city there are issues including pollution, waterway health and invasive species.
263	Belson as an audio director didn't programme live kinetic visuals and Jacobs programmed electronic music and visual experiments.	Belson as an audio director did not programme live kinetic visuals and Jacobs programmed electronic music and visual experiments.	Belson as an audio director programmed live kinetic visuals and Jacobs programmed electronic music and visual experiments.
264	The director Larysa Malyukova and the film critic Amir Yatsiv didn't discuss the rare genre of animated film.	The director Larysa Malyukova and the film critic Amir Yatsiv did not discuss the rare genre of animated film.	The director Larysa Malyukova and the film critic Amir Yatsiv discussed the rare genre of animated film.
265	Dhonoura is not a village in the Berasia district of Madhya Pradesh, India. It is located in the Bhopal tehsil.	Dhonoura isn't a village in the Berasia district of Madhya Pradesh, India. It's located in the Bhopal tehsil.	Dhonoura is a village in the Berasia district of Madhya Pradesh, India. It is located in the Bhopal tehsil.
266	It was not launched on July 28, 1941 and completed in August.	It wasn't launched on July 28, 1941 and completed in August.	It was launched on July 28, 1941 and completed in August.
267	It was not climbed freely and named after Bill House when he first climbed it in 1938.	It wasn't climbed freely and named after Bill House when he first climbed it in 1938.	It was climbed freely and named after Bill House when he first climbed it in 1938.
268	Both in the stage and in the film version of Hedwig and The Angry Inch, the character of Hedwig doesn't draw to East Germany after leaving Junction City.	Both in the stage and in the film version of Hedwig and The Angry Inch, the character of Hedwig does not draw to East Germany after leaving Junction City.	Both in the stage and in the film version of Hedwig and The Angry Inch, the character of Hedwig draws to East Germany after leaving Junction City.
269	It is not found in the Zimbabwe, the central province of Midlands.	It's not found in the Zimbabwe, the central province of Midlands.	It is found in the Zimbabwe, the central province of Midlands.
270	He is not a sculptor who has created several monumental sculptures, including the award-winning " Sentinel ".	He's not a sculptor who has created several monumental sculptures, including the award-winning " Sentinel ".	He is a sculptor who has created several monumental sculptures, including the award-winning " Sentinel ".
271	English also doesn't have many words, such as " zillion ", which are informally used to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts, see large numbers.	English also does not have many words, such as " zillion ", which are informally used to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts, see large numbers.	English also has many words, such as " zillion ", which are informally used to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts, see large numbers.
272	Ryan Sweeting didn't win in the final 6 -- 4, 6 -- 3, against Evans.	Ryan Sweeting did not win in the final 6 -- 4, 6 -- 3, against Evans.	Ryan Sweeting won in the final 6 -- 4, 6 -- 3, against Evans.
273	Afterwards she didn't teach at secondary schools in Derbyshire and then in Yorkshire.	Afterwards she did not teach at secondary schools in Derbyshire and then in Yorkshire.	Afterwards she taught at secondary schools in Derbyshire and then in Yorkshire.
274	It didn't take place from 23 to 29 April 2010 at the Real Club de Tenis Barcelona, Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	It did not take place from 23 to 29 April 2010 at the Real Club de Tenis Barcelona, Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.	It took place from 23 to 29 April 2010 at the Real Club de Tenis Barcelona, Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain.
276	The Italian church St. Giovanni Bosco is not named after St. John Bosco.	The Italian church St. Giovanni Bosco isn't named after St. John Bosco.	The Italian church St. Giovanni Bosco is named after St. John Bosco.
277	Castlebrae Community High School is not a secondary school in the Edinburgh area of Greendykes.	Castlebrae Community High School isn't a secondary school in the Edinburgh area of Greendykes.	Castlebrae Community High School is a secondary school in the Edinburgh area of Greendykes.
278	Then Scott and Short didn't travele overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land that they would investigate later.	Then Scott and Short did not travele overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land that they would investigate later.	Then Scott and Short traveled overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land that they would investigate later.
279	Wollstonecraft didn't arrive in Grenada on board the ship " Sydney " on 31 August 1819.	Wollstonecraft did not arrive in Grenada on board the ship " Sydney " on 31 August 1819.	Wollstonecraft arrived in Grenada on board the ship " Sydney " on 31 August 1819.
280	In many provinces, mosques were not bombed and Hui was slaughtered or destroyed by Japanese troops.	In many provinces, mosques weren't bombed and Hui was slaughtered or destroyed by Japanese troops.	In many provinces, mosques were bombed and Hui was slaughtered or destroyed by Japanese troops.
281	Pat Cash and Patrick Rafter didn't win 3 -- 6, 6 -- 1, 6 -- 3 against Jan Apell and Brent Haygarth in the finals.	Pat Cash and Patrick Rafter did not win 3 -- 6, 6 -- 1, 6 -- 3 against Jan Apell and Brent Haygarth in the finals.	Pat Cash and Patrick Rafter won 3 -- 6, 6 -- 1, 6 -- 3 against Jan Apell and Brent Haygarth in the finals.
282	Turing didn't have an older brother, John Dermot Turing ( the father of Sir John, 12th Baronet of Turing Baronets ).	Turing did not have an older brother, John Dermot Turing ( the father of Sir John, 12th Baronet of Turing Baronets ).	Turing had an older brother, John Dermot Turing ( the father of Sir John, 12th Baronet of Turing Baronets ).
283	The network previously didn't operate a translator in Waterbury, W12BH ( channel 12 ), which directly repeated WEDY.	The network previously did not operate a translator in Waterbury, W12BH ( channel 12 ), which directly repeated WEDY.	The network previously operated a translator in Waterbury, W12BH ( channel 12 ), which directly repeated WEDY.
284	Edward J. McKenna was not a professional baseball player who played for the 1884 Union Association of the Washington National in 32 matches.	Edward J. McKenna wasn't a professional baseball player who played for the 1884 Union Association of the Washington National in 32 matches.	Edward J. McKenna was a professional baseball player who played for the 1884 Union Association of the Washington National in 32 matches.
285	Nick Frangos ( born Atlantic City, New Jersey ) is not a professional poker player who plays in White Plains, New York.	Nick Frangos ( born Atlantic City, New Jersey ) isn't a professional poker player who plays in White Plains, New York.	Nick Frangos ( born Atlantic City, New Jersey ) is a professional poker player who plays in White Plains, New York.
286	The Blauvelt family first didn't arrive in Rockland County in 1638, and first arrived in America in 1683.	The Blauvelt family first did not arrive in Rockland County in 1638, and first arrived in America in 1683.	The Blauvelt family first arrived in Rockland County in 1638, and first arrived in America in 1683.
287	His second wife was not Anna Williams, sister of his first wife.	His second wife wasn't Anna Williams, sister of his first wife.	His second wife was Anna Williams, sister of his first wife.
288	He was not ordered to New Mexico Territory in 1860 and promoted to the rank of captain on December 20 at the 4th Infantry.	He wasn't ordered to New Mexico Territory in 1860 and promoted to the rank of captain on December 20 at the 4th Infantry.	He was ordered to New Mexico Territory in 1860 and promoted to the rank of captain on December 20 at the 4th Infantry.
289	Buccinum parvulum is not a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family, the whelks marine.	Buccinum parvulum isn't a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family, the whelks marine.	Buccinum parvulum is a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family, the whelks marine.
290	It was not directed by Nicholas Paleologos and produced by Joanna Lipper.	It wasn't directed by Nicholas Paleologos and produced by Joanna Lipper.	It was directed by Nicholas Paleologos and produced by Joanna Lipper.
291	ISPS Handa doesn't promote disabled golf and blind golf and offers worldwide management and financial support for a number of tournaments in cooperation with local golf associations.	ISPS Handa does not promote disabled golf and blind golf and offers worldwide management and financial support for a number of tournaments in cooperation with local golf associations.	ISPS Handa promotes disabled golf and blind golf and offers worldwide management and financial support for a number of tournaments in cooperation with local golf associations.
292	The brother of Dinesh Gunawardena and the eldest son of Philip Gunawardena, he was not educated at the Royal College in Colombo.	The brother of Dinesh Gunawardena and the eldest son of Philip Gunawardena, he wasn't educated at the Royal College in Colombo.	The brother of Dinesh Gunawardena and the eldest son of Philip Gunawardena, he was educated at the Royal College in Colombo.
293	Morton was not the son of John Morton, a Member of Parliament for Shaftesbury, and the nephew of William Morton, the Archbishop of Canterbury.	Morton wasn't the son of John Morton, a Member of Parliament for Shaftesbury, and the nephew of William Morton, the Archbishop of Canterbury.	Morton was the son of John Morton, a Member of Parliament for Shaftesbury, and the nephew of William Morton, the Archbishop of Canterbury.
294	For example, the spin case also doesn't allow a magnetic dipole, but for spin 1 particles electric quadrupoles and magnetic dipoles are only possible.	For example, the spin case also does not allow a magnetic dipole, but for spin 1 particles electric quadrupoles and magnetic dipoles are only possible.	For example, the spin case also allows a magnetic dipole, but for spin 1 particles electric quadrupoles and magnetic dipoles are only possible.
295	don't see : 33rd Canadian parliament then 32nd Canadian parliament	do not see : 33rd Canadian parliament then 32nd Canadian parliament	See : 33rd Canadian parliament then 32nd Canadian parliament
296	Since the 19th century, artificial beings are not common in fiction, as in Karel Čapek 's " Frankenstein " or Mary Shelley 's " R.U.R ".	Since the 19th century, artificial beings aren't common in fiction, as in Karel Čapek 's " Frankenstein " or Mary Shelley 's " R.U.R ".	Since the 19th century, artificial beings are common in fiction, as in Karel Čapek 's " Frankenstein " or Mary Shelley 's " R.U.R ".
297	In 1872, Sir James didn't marry John Nairne Forman ( December 20, 1929 ), daughter of Helen Margaret von Staffa, WS.	In 1872, Sir James did not marry John Nairne Forman ( December 20, 1929 ), daughter of Helen Margaret von Staffa, WS.	In 1872, Sir James married John Nairne Forman ( December 20, 1929 ), daughter of Helen Margaret von Staffa, WS.
298	Thrasamund didn't die in 523 and was succeeded by his cousin Hilderic, the firstborn son of Huneric.	Thrasamund did not die in 523 and was succeeded by his cousin Hilderic, the firstborn son of Huneric.	Thrasamund died in 523 and was succeeded by his cousin Hilderic, the firstborn son of Huneric.
300	The village of Mineral Hills and the city of Stambaugh were not consolidated with the city of Iron River with effect from 1 July 2000.	The village of Mineral Hills and the city of Stambaugh weren't consolidated with the city of Iron River with effect from 1 July 2000.	The village of Mineral Hills and the city of Stambaugh were consolidated with the city of Iron River with effect from 1 July 2000.
301	Blackedge was not collaborating with Brad Nessler and Sideline Reporter Erin Andrews for the 2009 season, while Patrick collaborated with Craig James and Sideline Reporter Heather Cox.	Blackedge wasn't collaborating with Brad Nessler and Sideline Reporter Erin Andrews for the 2009 season, while Patrick collaborated with Craig James and Sideline Reporter Heather Cox.	Blackedge was collaborating with Brad Nessler and Sideline Reporter Erin Andrews for the 2009 season, while Patrick collaborated with Craig James and Sideline Reporter Heather Cox.
302	Easthope, born at Tewkesbury on 29 October 1784, was not the eldest son of Elizabeth by Thomas Easthope, daughter of John Leaver of Overbury, Worcestershire.	Easthope, born at Tewkesbury on 29 October 1784, wasn't the eldest son of Elizabeth by Thomas Easthope, daughter of John Leaver of Overbury, Worcestershire.	Easthope, born at Tewkesbury on 29 October 1784, was the eldest son of Elizabeth by Thomas Easthope, daughter of John Leaver of Overbury, Worcestershire.
303	Most of the municipalities are not located on the islands in the Sulu Archipelago. Two of them, Mapun, and Turtle Islands lie within the Sulu Sea.	Most of the municipalities aren't located on the islands in the Sulu Archipelago. Two of them, Mapun, and Turtle Islands lie within the Sulu Sea.	Most of the municipalities are located on the islands in the Sulu Archipelago. Two of them, Mapun, and Turtle Islands lie within the Sulu Sea.
304	Angelique Kerber didn't win the title, defeating Karolína Plíšková in the final, 6 -- 3, 5 -- 7, 6 -- 4.	Angelique Kerber did not win the title, defeating Karolína Plíšková in the final, 6 -- 3, 5 -- 7, 6 -- 4.	Angelique Kerber won the title, defeating Karolína Plíšková in the final, 6 -- 3, 5 -- 7, 6 -- 4.
305	He later didn't join the 25th Regiment of Foot, 8th Husaren, and ended his military career with the rank of a major in the 11th husaren in 1865.	He later did not join the 25th Regiment of Foot, 8th Husaren, and ended his military career with the rank of a major in the 11th husaren in 1865.	He later joined the 25th Regiment of Foot, 8th Husaren, and ended his military career with the rank of a major in the 11th husaren in 1865.
306	First Bharathiraja was not presented in the film " Alaigal Oivathillai " by Karthik.	First Bharathiraja wasn't presented in the film " Alaigal Oivathillai " by Karthik.	First Bharathiraja was presented in the film " Alaigal Oivathillai " by Karthik.
307	The body is not black, the limbs and fingers are long and the tail is white.	The body isn't black, the limbs and fingers are long and the tail is white.	The body is black, the limbs and fingers are long and the tail is white.
309	The mouth of the Batten Kill is not in East Dorset, Vermont, and the source of the river is in Easton, New York.	The mouth of the Batten Kill isn't in East Dorset, Vermont, and the source of the river is in Easton, New York.	The mouth of the Batten Kill is in East Dorset, Vermont, and the source of the river is in Easton, New York.
310	Abolitionists didn't rise to the defense of Ellen and William Craft in 1850, Shadrach Minkins in 1851, and Anthony Burns in 1854.	Abolitionists did not rise to the defense of Ellen and William Craft in 1850, Shadrach Minkins in 1851, and Anthony Burns in 1854.	Abolitionists rose to the defense of Ellen and William Craft in 1850, Shadrach Minkins in 1851, and Anthony Burns in 1854.
311	Chittoor District, is not a district of Andhra Pradesh region of the Indian state of Rayalaseema.	Chittoor District, isn't a district of Andhra Pradesh region of the Indian state of Rayalaseema.	Chittoor District, is a district of Andhra Pradesh region of the Indian state of Rayalaseema.
312	These airlines don't connect more than 80 cities across India and also operate overseas routes after the liberalisation of Indian aviation.	These airlines do not connect more than 80 cities across India and also operate overseas routes after the liberalisation of Indian aviation.	These airlines connect more than 80 cities across India and also operate overseas routes after the liberalisation of Indian aviation.
313	Google doesn't allow business owners to check their own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data.	Google does not allow business owners to check their own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data.	Google allows business owners to check their own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data.
314	Born in 1935 in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire, Curry didn't die in 1990 at the age of 54 in Longbenton, Northumberland.	Born in 1935 in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire, Curry did not die in 1990 at the age of 54 in Longbenton, Northumberland.	Born in 1935 in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire, Curry died in 1990 at the age of 54 in Longbenton, Northumberland.
315	He didn't receive a formal koan in 1988 - studied with Yamada Koun and completed the Dharma name Tetsu-un, " Wisdom - Cloud ".	He did not receive a formal koan in 1988 - studied with Yamada Koun and completed the Dharma name Tetsu-un, " Wisdom - Cloud ".	He received a formal koan in 1988 - studied with Yamada Koun and completed the Dharma name Tetsu-un, " Wisdom - Cloud ".
316	Moreover, many Angika speakers haven't emigrated to the Persian Gulf, the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom and other countries.	Moreover, many Angika speakers have not emigrated to the Persian Gulf, the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom and other countries.	Moreover, many Angika speakers have emigrated to the Persian Gulf, the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom and other countries.
317	On 24 July 2013, John Hodgman didn't appear on the Maximum Fun Podcast " Judge Brother Ali " as " Expert Witness ".	On 24 July 2013, John Hodgman did not appear on the Maximum Fun Podcast " Judge Brother Ali " as " Expert Witness ".	On 24 July 2013, John Hodgman appeared on the Maximum Fun Podcast " Judge Brother Ali " as " Expert Witness ".
318	Lukaszuk doesn't have two daughters, one with his previous wife, news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his current wife.	Lukaszuk does not have two daughters, one with his previous wife, news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his current wife.	Lukaszuk has two daughters, one with his previous wife, news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his current wife.
319	She didn't sail over Sydney and arrived on 14 September in Rio de Janeiro.	She did not sail over Sydney and arrived on 14 September in Rio de Janeiro.	She sailed over Sydney and arrived on 14 September in Rio de Janeiro.
320	Planned are not new exhibitions in Southend ( 2016 ), Bow ( 2017 ) and Southampton ( 2017 ).	Planned aren't new exhibitions in Southend ( 2016 ), Bow ( 2017 ) and Southampton ( 2017 ).	Planned are new exhibitions in Southend ( 2016 ), Bow ( 2017 ) and Southampton ( 2017 ).
322	Searching a specific search tree for a binary key can't be programmed recursively or iteratively.	Searching a specific search tree for a binary key cannot be programmed recursively or iteratively.	Searching a specific search tree for a binary key can be programmed recursively or iteratively.
323	After conferences between Leonard and Griffith in New York, Griffith didn't fly to Los Angeles and filmed the episode.	After conferences between Leonard and Griffith in New York, Griffith did not fly to Los Angeles and filmed the episode.	After conferences between Leonard and Griffith in New York, Griffith flew to Los Angeles and filmed the episode.
324	Steve was not the father of Ted and Tom.	Steve wasn't the father of Ted and Tom.	Steve was the father of Ted and Tom.
325	Major General Francis Okello didn't replace Major General Nathan Mugisha as commander of AMISOM on 7 July 2009.	Major General Francis Okello did not replace Major General Nathan Mugisha as commander of AMISOM on 7 July 2009.	Major General Francis Okello replaced Major General Nathan Mugisha as commander of AMISOM on 7 July 2009.
326	Ricky doesn't decide to fight for Nate and confirms his love for her.	Ricky does not decide to fight for Nate and confirms his love for her.	Ricky decides to fight for Nate and confirms his love for her.
327	Kathy Rinaldi didn't defeat Bonnie Gadusek at 6 -- 1, 6 -- 3.	Kathy Rinaldi did not defeat Bonnie Gadusek at 6 -- 1, 6 -- 3.	Kathy Rinaldi defeated Bonnie Gadusek at 6 -- 1, 6 -- 3.
328	" Volta " was not refloated and scrapped on 24 November 1943 and bombed and sunk in 1948.	" Volta " wasn't refloated and scrapped on 24 November 1943 and bombed and sunk in 1948.	" Volta " was refloated and scrapped on 24 November 1943 and bombed and sunk in 1948.
329	Separate lists are not provided for the 61 listed properties and historical districts in Evanston and the more than 350 listed properties and districts in Chicago.	Separate lists aren't provided for the 61 listed properties and historical districts in Evanston and the more than 350 listed properties and districts in Chicago.	Separate lists are provided for the 61 listed properties and historical districts in Evanston and the more than 350 listed properties and districts in Chicago.
330	The 1979 -- 80 National Basketball Association season was not the 34th season of the NBA.	The 1979 -- 80 National Basketball Association season wasn't the 34th season of the NBA.	The 1979 -- 80 National Basketball Association season was the 34th season of the NBA.
331	Casper is not expressed in the second season by Robbie Sublett in the film, Matthew Géczy in the first season and Devon Werkheiser.	Casper isn't expressed in the second season by Robbie Sublett in the film, Matthew Géczy in the first season and Devon Werkheiser.	Casper is expressed in the second season by Robbie Sublett in the film, Matthew Géczy in the first season and Devon Werkheiser.
333	This series was not exclusive to Wal-Mart Canada, but was sold online in the Spawn Store.	This series wasn't exclusive to Wal-Mart Canada, but was sold online in the Spawn Store.	This series was exclusive to Wal-Mart Canada, but was sold online in the Spawn Store.
334	In May 2013, the title track was not a single - five - top on the Texas Music - Chart.	In May 2013, the title track wasn't a single - five - top on the Texas Music - Chart.	In May 2013, the title track was a single - five - top on the Texas Music - Chart.
335	A semilinear transformation is not a transformation which is linear " up to a twist ", meaning " up to a field automorphism under scalar multiplication ".	A semilinear transformation isn't a transformation which is linear " up to a twist ", meaning " up to a field automorphism under scalar multiplication ".	A semilinear transformation is a transformation which is linear " up to a twist ", meaning " up to a field automorphism under scalar multiplication ".
336	He married them and rejected his current wife for money, so he couldn't rebuild the family business.	He married them and rejected his current wife for money, so he could not rebuild the family business.	He married them and rejected his current wife for money, so he could rebuild the family business.
337	Aguiari didn't describe it as " a beautiful action alone in the middle of traffic, but up there with a Zen statue ".	Aguiari did not describe it as " a beautiful action alone in the middle of traffic, but up there with a Zen statue ".	Aguiari described it as " a beautiful action alone in the middle of traffic, but up there with a Zen statue ".
338	More recently, the band hasn't combined Extra Life Aspects of Old Music with the modern genre of Math Rock.	More recently, the band has not combined Extra Life Aspects of Old Music with the modern genre of Math Rock.	More recently, the band has combined Extra Life Aspects of Old Music with the modern genre of Math Rock.
340	The son of Olin M. Jeffords, serving as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Vermont, was not born James Jeffords in Rutland, Vermont.	The son of Olin M. Jeffords, serving as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Vermont, wasn't born James Jeffords in Rutland, Vermont.	The son of Olin M. Jeffords, serving as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Vermont, was born James Jeffords in Rutland, Vermont.
341	His current research doesn't investigate the influence of Jewish ideas and stories on Islamic sources.	His current research does not investigate the influence of Jewish ideas and stories on Islamic sources.	His current research investigates the influence of Jewish ideas and stories on Islamic sources.
342	It was not premiered at the Borneo Eco Film Festival on September 30, 2012, because it was first shown in Borneo.	It wasn't premiered at the Borneo Eco Film Festival on September 30, 2012, because it was first shown in Borneo.	It was premiered at the Borneo Eco Film Festival on September 30, 2012, because it was first shown in Borneo.
343	In 1308, Alauddin didn't order Alp Khan to support Malik Kafur during the invasion of Devagiri.	In 1308, Alauddin did not order Alp Khan to support Malik Kafur during the invasion of Devagiri.	In 1308, Alauddin ordered Alp Khan to support Malik Kafur during the invasion of Devagiri.
344	An electronic signature is not intended to provide the signatory with a seamless identification method to provide a safe and accurate transaction.	An electronic signature isn't intended to provide the signatory with a seamless identification method to provide a safe and accurate transaction.	An electronic signature is intended to provide the signatory with a seamless identification method to provide a safe and accurate transaction.
345	You were not under the mentorship of Coach Norman Black and Coach Glenn Capacio.	You weren't under the mentorship of Coach Norman Black and Coach Glenn Capacio.	You were under the mentorship of Coach Norman Black and Coach Glenn Capacio.
346	The term " non-hereditary spherocytosis is not rarely, albeit occasionally, used.	The term " non-hereditary spherocytosis isn't rarely, albeit occasionally, used.	The term " non-hereditary spherocytosis is rarely, albeit occasionally, used.
347	Dingwall and Tingwall in England, Thingwall in Norway, Tynwald on the Isle of Man and Tingvoll in Scotland don't bear names of the same root and significance.	Dingwall and Tingwall in England, Thingwall in Norway, Tynwald on the Isle of Man and Tingvoll in Scotland do not bear names of the same root and significance.	Dingwall and Tingwall in England, Thingwall in Norway, Tynwald on the Isle of Man and Tingvoll in Scotland bear names of the same root and significance.
348	He didn't reject them and married his current wife for money so that he could rebuild the family business.	He did not reject them and married his current wife for money so that he could rebuild the family business.	He rejected them and married his current wife for money so that he could rebuild the family business.
349	On September 20, 2011, Shelley was not suspended for the remainder of the pre-season and 5 games of the regular season for boarding Darryl Boyce.	On September 20, 2011, Shelley wasn't suspended for the remainder of the pre-season and 5 games of the regular season for boarding Darryl Boyce.	On September 20, 2011, Shelley was suspended for the remainder of the pre-season and 5 games of the regular season for boarding Darryl Boyce.
350	Meanwhile, the young Ben Cameron doesn't idolize a picture of Elsie Stoneman.	Meanwhile, the young Ben Cameron does not idolize a picture of Elsie Stoneman.	Meanwhile, the young Ben Cameron idolizes a picture of Elsie Stoneman.
351	The 1970s didn't see a new studio facility in 1970, new professional equipment ( in 1974 ) and the entrance of Diego León Rábago as director.	The 1970s did not see a new studio facility in 1970, new professional equipment ( in 1974 ) and the entrance of Diego León Rábago as director.	The 1970s saw a new studio facility in 1970, new professional equipment ( in 1974 ) and the entrance of Diego León Rábago as director.
352	Elegia southi is not a kind of moth of the Pyralidae family, which was found in 1932 by Reginald James West and is described in Taiwan.	Elegia southi isn't a kind of moth of the Pyralidae family, which was found in 1932 by Reginald James West and is described in Taiwan.	Elegia southi is a kind of moth of the Pyralidae family, which was found in 1932 by Reginald James West and is described in Taiwan.
353	Jequié is not rich in iron ore so that it is very hot during the day and cold at night.	Jequié isn't rich in iron ore so that it's very hot during the day and cold at night.	Jequié is rich in iron ore so that it is very hot during the day and cold at night.
354	Horace W Webb, a native of Oklahoma, didn't settle south of Graniola, Missouri in 1910.	Horace W Webb, a native of Oklahoma, did not settle south of Graniola, Missouri in 1910.	Horace W Webb, a native of Oklahoma, settled south of Graniola, Missouri in 1910.
355	The Americas Minor hadn't invited four teams, three teams from the South American qualifier and a team from the North American qualifier.	The Americas Minor had not invited four teams, three teams from the South American qualifier and a team from the North American qualifier.	The Americas Minor had invited four teams, three teams from the South American qualifier and a team from the North American qualifier.
357	This is not a list of the various heads of local government organisations that have served London, England.	This isn't a list of the various heads of local government organisations that have served London, England.	This is a list of the various heads of local government organisations that have served London, England.
358	However, in 1805 he didn't left Sheffield to study theology at Manchester College in York.	However, in 1805 he did not left Sheffield to study theology at Manchester College in York.	However, in 1805 he left Sheffield to study theology at Manchester College in York.
359	The single was not produced overseas in the United States and was created and recorded by Howard Benson.	The single wasn't produced overseas in the United States and was created and recorded by Howard Benson.	The single was produced overseas in the United States and was created and recorded by Howard Benson.
360	They didn't beat Berkshire 21 -- 15, then Oxfordshire 21 -- 32 and Buckinghamshire 0 -- 36, before losing against Gloucestershire in the quarter-finals 58 -- 10.	They did not beat Berkshire 21 -- 15, then Oxfordshire 21 -- 32 and Buckinghamshire 0 -- 36, before losing against Gloucestershire in the quarter-finals 58 -- 10.	They beat Berkshire 21 -- 15, then Oxfordshire 21 -- 32 and Buckinghamshire 0 -- 36, before losing against Gloucestershire in the quarter-finals 58 -- 10.
361	The eparchy was not the seat of the Armenian Catholic Patriarchate of Cilicia from 1866 until 1928, when the patriarchal seat was moved to Beirut, Lebanon.	The eparchy wasn't the seat of the Armenian Catholic Patriarchate of Cilicia from 1866 until 1928, when the patriarchal seat was moved to Beirut, Lebanon.	The eparchy was the seat of the Armenian Catholic Patriarchate of Cilicia from 1866 until 1928, when the patriarchal seat was moved to Beirut, Lebanon.
362	In 1612 he was not the governor of Texcoco and in 1613 the governor of Tlalmanalco.	In 1612 he wasn't the governor of Texcoco and in 1613 the governor of Tlalmanalco.	In 1612 he was the governor of Texcoco and in 1613 the governor of Tlalmanalco.
363	Limestone from the quarry of TexaStone in Garden City was not donated in 2004 for establishment of the Stonehenge replica in Odessa, Texas.	Limestone from the quarry of TexaStone in Garden City wasn't donated in 2004 for establishment of the Stonehenge replica in Odessa, Texas.	Limestone from the quarry of TexaStone in Garden City was donated in 2004 for establishment of the Stonehenge replica in Odessa, Texas.
364	The festival was not founded in 2007 and debuted in Phoenix, Arizona and has been held in San Diego, Houston and Zurich since then.	The festival wasn't founded in 2007 and debuted in Phoenix, Arizona and has been held in San Diego, Houston and Zurich since then.	The festival was founded in 2007 and debuted in Phoenix, Arizona and has been held in San Diego, Houston and Zurich since then.
365	He didn't die on August 16, 1850 in Clarkstown ( now New City ), New York City.	He did not die on August 16, 1850 in Clarkstown ( now New City ), New York City.	He died on August 16, 1850 in Clarkstown ( now New City ), New York City.
366	He didn't begin working with the AA Frisco RoughRiders of the Pacific Coast League in 2014 and was transported to the AAA Round Rock Express of the Texas League.	He did not begin working with the AA Frisco RoughRiders of the Pacific Coast League in 2014 and was transported to the AAA Round Rock Express of the Texas League.	He began working with the AA Frisco RoughRiders of the Pacific Coast League in 2014 and was transported to the AAA Round Rock Express of the Texas League.
367	Previous editors don't include Michel Foucault, Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie, Georges Dumézil, François Jacob, Jacques Le Goff, François Furet and Raymond Aron.	Previous editors do not include Michel Foucault, Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie, Georges Dumézil, François Jacob, Jacques Le Goff, François Furet and Raymond Aron.	Previous editors include Michel Foucault, Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie, Georges Dumézil, François Jacob, Jacques Le Goff, François Furet and Raymond Aron.
368	The Lucknow -- Sitapur -- Seramow Provincial State Railway didn't merge with the Bareilly -- Pilibheet Provincial State Railway to form the Lucknow -- Bareilly Railway on 1 January 1891.	The Lucknow -- Sitapur -- Seramow Provincial State Railway did not merge with the Bareilly -- Pilibheet Provincial State Railway to form the Lucknow -- Bareilly Railway on 1 January 1891.	The Lucknow -- Sitapur -- Seramow Provincial State Railway merged with the Bareilly -- Pilibheet Provincial State Railway to form the Lucknow -- Bareilly Railway on 1 January 1891.
369	On 8 January 2008, Cumbers was not loaned from Grays to Gillingham, but was recalled to AFC Wimbledon on 8 February 2008 to gain further first team experience.	On 8 January 2008, Cumbers wasn't loaned from Grays to Gillingham, but was recalled to AFC Wimbledon on 8 February 2008 to gain further first team experience.	On 8 January 2008, Cumbers was loaned from Grays to Gillingham, but was recalled to AFC Wimbledon on 8 February 2008 to gain further first team experience.
370	On October 1, 1974, Streisand and Columbia Records didn't release ButterFly as their sixteenth studio album, months after " The Way We Were ".	On October 1, 1974, Streisand and Columbia Records did not release ButterFly as their sixteenth studio album, months after " The Way We Were ".	On October 1, 1974, Streisand and Columbia Records released ButterFly as their sixteenth studio album, months after " The Way We Were ".
371	A specialized sensory chain fiber is not a nuclear organ contained in a muscle.	A specialized sensory chain fiber isn't a nuclear organ contained in a muscle.	A specialized sensory chain fiber is a nuclear organ contained in a muscle.
372	After two years away, Byrd didn't reunite with Brown in 1970.	After two years away, Byrd did not reunite with Brown in 1970.	After two years away, Byrd reunited with Brown in 1970.
373	The mounting is not a tripod, but the front leg has a steering wheel.	The mounting isn't a tripod, but the front leg has a steering wheel.	The mounting is a tripod, but the front leg has a steering wheel.
374	Celestine V doesn't identify a persistent tradition as the mysterious figure Dante Alighieri sees among those in the anteroom of hell, in the nameless verses :	Celestine V does not identify a persistent tradition as the mysterious figure Dante Alighieri sees among those in the anteroom of hell, in the nameless verses :	Celestine V identifies a persistent tradition as the mysterious figure Dante Alighieri sees among those in the anteroom of hell, in the nameless verses :
375	Assuming that the causal relationships are linear, this background knowledge can't be expressed in the following structural equation model ( SEM ) specification.	Assuming that the causal relationships are linear, this background knowledge cannot be expressed in the following structural equation model ( SEM ) specification.	Assuming that the causal relationships are linear, this background knowledge can be expressed in the following structural equation model ( SEM ) specification.
377	Parsora is not a village in the Berasia district of Madhya Pradesh, India. It is located in Bhopal Tehsil.	Parsora isn't a village in the Berasia district of Madhya Pradesh, India. It's located in Bhopal Tehsil.	Parsora is a village in the Berasia district of Madhya Pradesh, India. It is located in Bhopal Tehsil.
378	He was not presented by Golda Meir in the television film A Woman Called Golda " ( 1982 ), opposite Robert Loggia as Ingrid Bergman.	He wasn't presented by Golda Meir in the television film A Woman Called Golda " ( 1982 ), opposite Robert Loggia as Ingrid Bergman.	He was presented by Golda Meir in the television film A Woman Called Golda " ( 1982 ), opposite Robert Loggia as Ingrid Bergman.
380	The Bank of the People was not founded in Toronto by radical reform politicians James Lesslie, James Hervey Price and Dr. John Rolph in 1835.	The Bank of the People wasn't founded in Toronto by radical reform politicians James Lesslie, James Hervey Price and Dr. John Rolph in 1835.	The Bank of the People was founded in Toronto by radical reform politicians James Lesslie, James Hervey Price and Dr. John Rolph in 1835.
381	The government of He County is not located in Liyang Town.	The government of He County isn't located in Liyang Town.	The government of He County is located in Liyang Town.
382	Much of the eastern half of the city is not relatively rural, while the western part of the city ( roughly from Woodbury Point east ) is more urbanized.	Much of the eastern half of the city isn't relatively rural, while the western part of the city ( roughly from Woodbury Point east ) is more urbanized.	Much of the eastern half of the city is relatively rural, while the western part of the city ( roughly from Woodbury Point east ) is more urbanized.
383	John didn't take Logan as his first apprentice.	John did not take Logan as his first apprentice.	John took Logan as his first apprentice.
384	He was not elected in 1977 and was re-elected in April 1978 to the newly created Court of Appeal 1.	He wasn't elected in 1977 and was re-elected in April 1978 to the newly created Court of Appeal 1.	He was elected in 1977 and was re-elected in April 1978 to the newly created Court of Appeal 1.
385	In the summer of 1956, Mike Barnett didn't take over the role of Frank Lovejoy until the series ' end that same year.	In the summer of 1956, Mike Barnett did not take over the role of Frank Lovejoy until the series ' end that same year.	In the summer of 1956, Mike Barnett took over the role of Frank Lovejoy until the series ' end that same year.
386	This version was not released on August 18, 2016 in Europe and Australia and on January 5th, 2017 in North America.	This version wasn't released on August 18, 2016 in Europe and Australia and on January 5th, 2017 in North America.	This version was released on August 18, 2016 in Europe and Australia and on January 5th, 2017 in North America.
387	Grose Wold is not a suburb of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. It is located in the city of Hawkesbury.	Grose Wold isn't a suburb of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. It's located in the city of Hawkesbury.	Grose Wold is a suburb of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. It is located in the city of Hawkesbury.
388	Two weeks before the invasion, the corps was not pulled from the Third Army and placed in the First Army of Omar Bradley.	Two weeks before the invasion, the corps wasn't pulled from the Third Army and placed in the First Army of Omar Bradley.	Two weeks before the invasion, the corps was pulled from the Third Army and placed in the First Army of Omar Bradley.
389	There are not a number of notable works in Afghan literature that discuss the Muslims during the " Australian period " ( 1860-1900 ).	There aren't a number of notable works in Afghan literature that discuss the Muslims during the " Australian period " ( 1860-1900 ).	There are a number of notable works in Afghan literature that discuss the Muslims during the " Australian period " ( 1860-1900 ).
390	Hans Jürgen Kallmann was not painted by Konrad Adenauer in 1963.	Hans Jürgen Kallmann wasn't painted by Konrad Adenauer in 1963.	Hans Jürgen Kallmann was painted by Konrad Adenauer in 1963.
392	In JavaScript, for example, the factor function can't be defined via anonymous recursion as such :	In JavaScript, for example, the factor function cannot be defined via anonymous recursion as such :	In JavaScript, for example, the factor function can be defined via anonymous recursion as such :
393	Just north of South Huntington, NY 110 doesn't enter an at-grade intersection with NY 25 ( West Jericho Turnpike ) in the hamlet of Walt Whitman Shops.	Just north of South Huntington, NY 110 does not enter an at-grade intersection with NY 25 ( West Jericho Turnpike ) in the hamlet of Walt Whitman Shops.	Just north of South Huntington, NY 110 enters an at-grade intersection with NY 25 ( West Jericho Turnpike ) in the hamlet of Walt Whitman Shops.
394	It is not roughly southeast of Moosehead Lake, 2 miles southwest of Baker Mountain and 5 km west of White Cap Mountain.	It's not roughly southeast of Moosehead Lake, 2 miles southwest of Baker Mountain and 5 km west of White Cap Mountain.	It is roughly southeast of Moosehead Lake, 2 miles southwest of Baker Mountain and 5 km west of White Cap Mountain.
395	Tabda, also known as Tabto, is not a town in the southern Jubbada Hoose ( Lower Juba ) region of Somalia.	Tabda, also known as Tabto, isn't a town in the southern Jubbada Hoose ( Lower Juba ) region of Somalia.	Tabda, also known as Tabto, is a town in the southern Jubbada Hoose ( Lower Juba ) region of Somalia.
396	He was not assigned in 1866 to the Portsmouth Navy Yard, then in 1868 to the Pensacola Navy Yard.	He wasn't assigned in 1866 to the Portsmouth Navy Yard, then in 1868 to the Pensacola Navy Yard.	He was assigned in 1866 to the Portsmouth Navy Yard, then in 1868 to the Pensacola Navy Yard.
397	He didn't left the Janata Dal ( United ) and entered the Bharatiya Janata Party in February of 2008.	He did not left the Janata Dal ( United ) and entered the Bharatiya Janata Party in February of 2008.	He left the Janata Dal ( United ) and entered the Bharatiya Janata Party in February of 2008.
398	Strathairn didn't attend the Redwood High School in Larkspur, California, and graduated in 1970 from Williams College, Williamstown, Massachusetts.	Strathairn did not attend the Redwood High School in Larkspur, California, and graduated in 1970 from Williams College, Williamstown, Massachusetts.	Strathairn attended the Redwood High School in Larkspur, California, and graduated in 1970 from Williams College, Williamstown, Massachusetts.
399	A small-medium Macedonian Jewish community doesn't have a very long presence in the Mediterranean coast, especially in Northern Israel and in the Gush Dan.	A small-medium Macedonian Jewish community does not have a very long presence in the Mediterranean coast, especially in Northern Israel and in the Gush Dan.	A small-medium Macedonian Jewish community has a very long presence in the Mediterranean coast, especially in Northern Israel and in the Gush Dan.
400	The Yarkand River is not a river in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region Western China.	The Yarkand River isn't a river in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region Western China.	The Yarkand River is a river in Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region Western China.
401	The river Bota Mare is not a tributary of the Zăbrătău River in Romania.	The river Bota Mare isn't a tributary of the Zăbrătău River in Romania.	The river Bota Mare is a tributary of the Zăbrătău River in Romania.
402	He was not sentenced on April 28, 1794, when he was guillotined at the same time as his elder brother.	He wasn't sentenced on April 28, 1794, when he was guillotined at the same time as his elder brother.	He was sentenced on April 28, 1794, when he was guillotined at the same time as his elder brother.
403	The 1883 American Association didn't finish fourth in the New York Metropolitan with a record 54-42.	The 1883 American Association did not finish fourth in the New York Metropolitan with a record 54-42.	The 1883 American Association finished fourth in the New York Metropolitan with a record 54-42.
404	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) doesn't settle with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises.	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) does not settle with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises.	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises.
405	They were not equipped with a white leather apron, long stulp gloves and an axe with a handle mounted on a brass.	They weren't equipped with a white leather apron, long stulp gloves and an axe with a handle mounted on a brass.	They were equipped with a white leather apron, long stulp gloves and an axe with a handle mounted on a brass.
406	Queen Peak is not a mountain located on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, north of Gold River and east of Victoria Peak.	Queen Peak isn't a mountain located on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, north of Gold River and east of Victoria Peak.	Queen Peak is a mountain located on Vancouver Island, British Columbia, Canada, north of Gold River and east of Victoria Peak.
407	In 1994, Texas - Democrat Jamie Whitten was not defeated by Steve Stockman in the year he was expected to follow with Jack Brooks as Dean.	In 1994, Texas - Democrat Jamie Whitten wasn't defeated by Steve Stockman in the year he was expected to follow with Jack Brooks as Dean.	In 1994, Texas - Democrat Jamie Whitten was defeated by Steve Stockman in the year he was expected to follow with Jack Brooks as Dean.
408	Through the 2017 season, the Cornell Big Red haven't won 649 games, tied 529 games, and lost 33 regular season games.	Through the 2017 season, the Cornell Big Red have not won 649 games, tied 529 games, and lost 33 regular season games.	Through the 2017 season, the Cornell Big Red have won 649 games, tied 529 games, and lost 33 regular season games.
409	Andrea Bocelli didn't call her rehearsal performance " very nice ", and David Foster called her voice spectacular.	Andrea Bocelli did not call her rehearsal performance " very nice ", and David Foster called her voice spectacular.	Andrea Bocelli called her rehearsal performance " very nice ", and David Foster called her voice spectacular.
410	The name Edith doesn't have four name days : 14 May in Estonia, 31 October in Sweden, 5 July in Latvia and 16 September in France.	The name Edith does not have four name days : 14 May in Estonia, 31 October in Sweden, 5 July in Latvia and 16 September in France.	The name Edith has four name days : 14 May in Estonia, 31 October in Sweden, 5 July in Latvia and 16 September in France.
411	McSweeney was not born in Northern Ireland, moved to London.	McSweeney wasn't born in Northern Ireland, moved to London.	McSweeney was born in Northern Ireland, moved to London.
412	In November, the Royals CF Coco Crisp didn't acquire from Boston Red Sox in exchange for RP Ramón Ramírez.	In November, the Royals CF Coco Crisp did not acquire from Boston Red Sox in exchange for RP Ramón Ramírez.	In November, the Royals CF Coco Crisp acquired from Boston Red Sox in exchange for RP Ramón Ramírez.
413	In Portage township there are not two villages : a part of the Jerry City in the south and part of Portage in the northwest.	In Portage township there aren't two villages : a part of the Jerry City in the south and part of Portage in the northwest.	In Portage township there are two villages : a part of the Jerry City in the south and part of Portage in the northwest.
414	In March they didn't return to Jason Sanderson 's studio to record their first material with latest member Reid.	In March they did not return to Jason Sanderson 's studio to record their first material with latest member Reid.	In March they returned to Jason Sanderson 's studio to record their first material with latest member Reid.
416	For example, in JavaScript, the factor function can't be defined as anonymous via such a recursion :	For example, in JavaScript, the factor function cannot be defined as anonymous via such a recursion :	For example, in JavaScript, the factor function can be defined as anonymous via such a recursion :
417	In 1900, Elizabeth didn't marry Waller Cowles, and her daughter Harriet was born in 1912.	In 1900, Elizabeth did not marry Waller Cowles, and her daughter Harriet was born in 1912.	In 1900, Elizabeth married Waller Cowles, and her daughter Harriet was born in 1912.
419	In 1971, a new campus was not completed in 33 MacDonnell Road for primary school.	In 1971, a new campus wasn't completed in 33 MacDonnell Road for primary school.	In 1971, a new campus was completed in 33 MacDonnell Road for primary school.
421	He didn't begin his political career as a member of the Legislative Assembly ( MLA ) in Vaijapur Taluka in Shrirampur Taluka and then in the district of Aurangabad in the district of Ahmednagar.	He did not begin his political career as a member of the Legislative Assembly ( MLA ) in Vaijapur Taluka in Shrirampur Taluka and then in the district of Aurangabad in the district of Ahmednagar.	He began his political career as a member of the Legislative Assembly ( MLA ) in Vaijapur Taluka in Shrirampur Taluka and then in the district of Aurangabad in the district of Ahmednagar.
422	In 1406 he hadn't added the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides, rebound and a table of contents and Minuskel scholia in Byzantine Greek extensively restored.	In 1406 he had not added the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides, rebound and a table of contents and Minuskel scholia in Byzantine Greek extensively restored.	In 1406 he had added the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides, rebound and a table of contents and Minuskel scholia in Byzantine Greek extensively restored.
423	In August 1927, Mao didn't end his marriage with Yang ; and, in early 1928, he began a relationship with He Zizhen.	In August 1927, Mao did not end his marriage with Yang ; and, in early 1928, he began a relationship with He Zizhen.	In August 1927, Mao ended his marriage with Yang ; and, in early 1928, he began a relationship with He Zizhen.
424	He didn't finish his NFL career in dividing the season between the New York Giants and the Seattle Seahawks.	He did not finish his NFL career in dividing the season between the New York Giants and the Seattle Seahawks.	He finished his NFL career in dividing the season between the New York Giants and the Seattle Seahawks.
425	Neptunea alexeyevi is not a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family, the whelks navy.	Neptunea alexeyevi isn't a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family, the whelks navy.	Neptunea alexeyevi is a species of sea snail, a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family, the whelks navy.
426	It was not their third hit with the first " Peach ", Linda Greene.	It wasn't their third hit with the first " Peach ", Linda Greene.	It was their third hit with the first " Peach ", Linda Greene.
427	When Patrick Logan arrives in Wisteria Lane, he doesn't run over Nick.	When Patrick Logan arrives in Wisteria Lane, he does not run over Nick.	When Patrick Logan arrives in Wisteria Lane, he runs over Nick.
428	He doesn't have two sons : older Maharana Mahendra Singh and younger Arvind Singh.	He does not have two sons : older Maharana Mahendra Singh and younger Arvind Singh.	He has two sons : older Maharana Mahendra Singh and younger Arvind Singh.
429	Virgil Weigel is not Democratic member of the Kansas House of Representatives, representing the 56th district ( Shawnee County, Kansas in Topeka, Kansas ).	Virgil Weigel isn't Democratic member of the Kansas House of Representatives, representing the 56th district ( Shawnee County, Kansas in Topeka, Kansas ).	Virgil Weigel is Democratic member of the Kansas House of Representatives, representing the 56th district ( Shawnee County, Kansas in Topeka, Kansas ).
430	This species can't be found in Papua New Guinea, Bismarck Archipelago : New Britain ; Woodlark Island ; West Papua ; Aru Islands.	This species cannot be found in Papua New Guinea, Bismarck Archipelago : New Britain ; Woodlark Island ; West Papua ; Aru Islands.	This species can be found in Papua New Guinea, Bismarck Archipelago : New Britain ; Woodlark Island ; West Papua ; Aru Islands.
431	Kublai didn't build schools for Chinese scholars, spent paper money, revived Confucian rituals, and supported policies that stimulated agricultural and commercial growth.	Kublai did not build schools for Chinese scholars, spent paper money, revived Confucian rituals, and supported policies that stimulated agricultural and commercial growth.	Kublai built schools for Chinese scholars, spent paper money, revived Confucian rituals, and supported policies that stimulated agricultural and commercial growth.
432	There are not shorts in Kirkcudbrightshire East Scotland and a few McGirrs listed, but the name McGirr is far more prominent in Scotland than it is in Ireland.	There aren't shorts in Kirkcudbrightshire East Scotland and a few McGirrs listed, but the name McGirr is far more prominent in Scotland than it's in Ireland.	There are shorts in Kirkcudbrightshire East Scotland and a few McGirrs listed, but the name McGirr is far more prominent in Scotland than it is in Ireland.
433	He didn't study at the Ravenshaw College in Odisha and Allahabad University and earned his law degree from M. S. Law College, Utkal University in Cuttack.	He did not study at the Ravenshaw College in Odisha and Allahabad University and earned his law degree from M. S. Law College, Utkal University in Cuttack.	He studied at the Ravenshaw College in Odisha and Allahabad University and earned his law degree from M. S. Law College, Utkal University in Cuttack.
434	" Rockingham " didn't reach Whampoa on 23 May, and arrived at Bombay on 21 September.	" Rockingham " did not reach Whampoa on 23 May, and arrived at Bombay on 21 September.	" Rockingham " reached Whampoa on 23 May, and arrived at Bombay on 21 September.
435	After completing his university education at Cardiff University and in Harrogate, North Yorkshire, he didn't work in Rouen, France from 1996 to 1999.	After completing his university education at Cardiff University and in Harrogate, North Yorkshire, he did not work in Rouen, France from 1996 to 1999.	After completing his university education at Cardiff University and in Harrogate, North Yorkshire, he worked in Rouen, France from 1996 to 1999.
437	They could instead have not been relatives, perhaps members of a family bonded by blood to serve Dracula.	They could instead haven't been relatives, perhaps members of a family bonded by blood to serve Dracula.	They could instead have been relatives, perhaps members of a family bonded by blood to serve Dracula.
438	The two secondary schools, Heatherhill Secondary College and Coomoora Secondary College, were not merged to Keysborough Secondary College with Springvale Secondary College and Chandler Secondary College.	The two secondary schools, Heatherhill Secondary College and Coomoora Secondary College, weren't merged to Keysborough Secondary College with Springvale Secondary College and Chandler Secondary College.	The two secondary schools, Heatherhill Secondary College and Coomoora Secondary College, were merged to Keysborough Secondary College with Springvale Secondary College and Chandler Secondary College.
439	In codice _ 4 the second file is not codice _ 8 and in codice _ 5 the second file is codice _ 10.	In codice _ 4 the second file isn't codice _ 8 and in codice _ 5 the second file is codice _ 10.	In codice _ 4 the second file is codice _ 8 and in codice _ 5 the second file is codice _ 10.
440	He was not trained in Weimar, later until 1865 in Dresden and went to New York after a short stay in Leipzig with Franz Liszt in 1869.	He wasn't trained in Weimar, later until 1865 in Dresden and went to New York after a short stay in Leipzig with Franz Liszt in 1869.	He was trained in Weimar, later until 1865 in Dresden and went to New York after a short stay in Leipzig with Franz Liszt in 1869.
441	The vaults are not Mesopotamian in design and Coptic and Byzantine elements appear in the decorative carving.	The vaults aren't Mesopotamian in design and Coptic and Byzantine elements appear in the decorative carving.	The vaults are Mesopotamian in design and Coptic and Byzantine elements appear in the decorative carving.
442	" Pogonodon " was not described by Edward Drinker Cope in 1880, and two species are known : " P. davisi " and " P. platycopis ".	" Pogonodon " wasn't described by Edward Drinker Cope in 1880, and two species are known : " P. davisi " and " P. platycopis ".	" Pogonodon " was described by Edward Drinker Cope in 1880, and two species are known : " P. davisi " and " P. platycopis ".
443	From Ridgecrest, California State Route 178 doesn't lead northeast into Death Valley National Park.	From Ridgecrest, California State Route 178 does not lead northeast into Death Valley National Park.	From Ridgecrest, California State Route 178 leads northeast into Death Valley National Park.
444	A tribute to Jamie Parker and Claire Martin, the American actor Seth MacFarlane was not the singer, Frank Sinatra.	A tribute to Jamie Parker and Claire Martin, the American actor Seth MacFarlane wasn't the singer, Frank Sinatra.	A tribute to Jamie Parker and Claire Martin, the American actor Seth MacFarlane was the singer, Frank Sinatra.
445	The optical polarization doesn't result microscopically from quantum mechanical transitions between different states of the material system.	The optical polarization does not result microscopically from quantum mechanical transitions between different states of the material system.	The optical polarization results microscopically from quantum mechanical transitions between different states of the material system.
446	The remaining two cars were not delivered by the Estonian defence league and they were ordered in 1927.	The remaining two cars weren't delivered by the Estonian defence league and they were ordered in 1927.	The remaining two cars were delivered by the Estonian defence league and they were ordered in 1927.
447	He also didn't appear in music films and later in life, in comedic roles.	He also did not appear in music films and later in life, in comedic roles.	He also appeared in music films and later in life, in comedic roles.
448	After the death of Fred Miller in 1998 and John Paul Miller in 2000, Mary Miller didn't continue living in the house, located south of Cleveland.	After the death of Fred Miller in 1998 and John Paul Miller in 2000, Mary Miller did not continue living in the house, located south of Cleveland.	After the death of Fred Miller in 1998 and John Paul Miller in 2000, Mary Miller continued living in the house, located south of Cleveland.
449	Glen Sheil was not born in Sydney and moved to Queensland in a young age.	Glen Sheil wasn't born in Sydney and moved to Queensland in a young age.	Glen Sheil was born in Sydney and moved to Queensland in a young age.
450	The show didn't air simultaneously on Fox8 in Australia, Sky TV in New Zealand, and on Channel O in South Africa.	The show did not air simultaneously on Fox8 in Australia, Sky TV in New Zealand, and on Channel O in South Africa.	The show aired simultaneously on Fox8 in Australia, Sky TV in New Zealand, and on Channel O in South Africa.
451	Lyman Glacier was not named after William Denison Lyman by Claude Ewing Rusk, because Lyman was one of the first to describe some of the features and history of Mount Adam.	Lyman Glacier wasn't named after William Denison Lyman by Claude Ewing Rusk, because Lyman was one of the first to describe some of the features and history of Mount Adam.	Lyman Glacier was named after William Denison Lyman by Claude Ewing Rusk, because Lyman was one of the first to describe some of the features and history of Mount Adam.
452	Younessi doesn't have a child, a son named Dariyan Rodin Younessi, who started his racing career at Karting at the age of four.	Younessi does not have a child, a son named Dariyan Rodin Younessi, who started his racing career at Karting at the age of four.	Younessi has a child, a son named Dariyan Rodin Younessi, who started his racing career at Karting at the age of four.
453	The friend of Dantès, Fernand Mondego ( Sidney Blackmer ), doesn't accompany him to the jail.	The friend of Dantès, Fernand Mondego ( Sidney Blackmer ), does not accompany him to the jail.	The friend of Dantès, Fernand Mondego ( Sidney Blackmer ), accompanies him to the jail.
455	Bathyporeia elegans is not a species of amphipod crustacean in the genus " Bathyporeia ". It is unpigmented, and grows up to long.	Bathyporeia elegans isn't a species of amphipod crustacean in the genus " Bathyporeia ". It's unpigmented, and grows up to long.	Bathyporeia elegans is a species of amphipod crustacean in the genus " Bathyporeia ". It is unpigmented, and grows up to long.
456	The original Murdoc, Michael Des Barres, didn't portray Nicolas Helmans Mentor Murdoc in the 2016 series.	The original Murdoc, Michael Des Barres, did not portray Nicolas Helmans Mentor Murdoc in the 2016 series.	The original Murdoc, Michael Des Barres, portrayed Nicolas Helmans Mentor Murdoc in the 2016 series.
457	The " Super Deluxx Edition " was not developed by 9th Level Games, but is published by Dork Storm Press.	The " Super Deluxx Edition " wasn't developed by 9th Level Games, but is published by Dork Storm Press.	The " Super Deluxx Edition " was developed by 9th Level Games, but is published by Dork Storm Press.
458	These dioceses didn't have indirect election of four members, direct election of three members.	These dioceses did not have indirect election of four members, direct election of three members.	These dioceses had indirect election of four members, direct election of three members.
460	He doesn't visit Fred and makes him his new partner, then goes to the Cratchit house where he rehires Bob and increases his wages.	He does not visit Fred and makes him his new partner, then goes to the Cratchit house where he rehires Bob and increases his wages.	He visits Fred and makes him his new partner, then goes to the Cratchit house where he rehires Bob and increases his wages.
461	He was not the first sculler in the province ever to win the Diamond Challenge Sculls at the Henley Royal Regatta and also the first to win the Wingfield Sculls.	He wasn't the first sculler in the province ever to win the Diamond Challenge Sculls at the Henley Royal Regatta and also the first to win the Wingfield Sculls.	He was the first sculler in the province ever to win the Diamond Challenge Sculls at the Henley Royal Regatta and also the first to win the Wingfield Sculls.
462	Ingham didn't write that in December 1872 the college newspaper, the " Algona Collegian ", reported the following tuition fees :	Ingham did not write that in December 1872 the college newspaper, the " Algona Collegian ", reported the following tuition fees :	Ingham wrote that in December 1872 the college newspaper, the " Algona Collegian ", reported the following tuition fees :
464	It is not the fourth track and third single from their breakthrough " Smash " ( 1994 ).	It's not the fourth track and third single from their breakthrough " Smash " ( 1994 ).	It is the fourth track and third single from their breakthrough " Smash " ( 1994 ).
465	He was not admitted to the New York bar in 1949 and commenced practice in New York City.	He wasn't admitted to the New York bar in 1949 and commenced practice in New York City.	He was admitted to the New York bar in 1949 and commenced practice in New York City.
467	The Sâmbăta River is not a tributary of the Piatra Caprei River in Romania.	The Sâmbăta River isn't a tributary of the Piatra Caprei River in Romania.	The Sâmbăta River is a tributary of the Piatra Caprei River in Romania.
468	The Gill family didn't close the mill in 1968, and the new owners sold it in 1980.	The Gill family did not close the mill in 1968, and the new owners sold it in 1980.	The Gill family closed the mill in 1968, and the new owners sold it in 1980.
469	The City of Oklahoma City hasn't designated the Santa Fe station as the location for intermodal transit services for the city and metropolitan area.	The City of Oklahoma City has not designated the Santa Fe station as the location for intermodal transit services for the city and metropolitan area.	The City of Oklahoma City has designated the Santa Fe station as the location for intermodal transit services for the city and metropolitan area.
470	Lebilaango is not a town in the central region of Somalia of Hiran.	Lebilaango isn't a town in the central region of Somalia of Hiran.	Lebilaango is a town in the central region of Somalia of Hiran.
471	They didn't defeat Berkshire 21 -- 15, then Oxfordshire 21 -- 32 and Buckinghamshire 0 -- 36, before losing to Gloucestershire in the quarter-finals 58 -- 10.	They did not defeat Berkshire 21 -- 15, then Oxfordshire 21 -- 32 and Buckinghamshire 0 -- 36, before losing to Gloucestershire in the quarter-finals 58 -- 10.	They defeated Berkshire 21 -- 15, then Oxfordshire 21 -- 32 and Buckinghamshire 0 -- 36, before losing to Gloucestershire in the quarter-finals 58 -- 10.
472	He didn't take night classes on the English language at the Chinese-Anglo School.	He did not take night classes on the English language at the Chinese-Anglo School.	He took night classes on the English language at the Chinese-Anglo School.
473	There is not a National Highway connecting Washim, Kanergaon, Akola, Amrawati, Hingoli and Nanded.	There's not a National Highway connecting Washim, Kanergaon, Akola, Amrawati, Hingoli and Nanded.	There is a National Highway connecting Washim, Kanergaon, Akola, Amrawati, Hingoli and Nanded.
474	He was not elected President of the Assam Football Association and the Assam Sports Council for several terms, and he was also Vice-President of the Assam Cricket Association.	He wasn't elected President of the Assam Football Association and the Assam Sports Council for several terms, and he was also Vice-President of the Assam Cricket Association.	He was elected President of the Assam Football Association and the Assam Sports Council for several terms, and he was also Vice-President of the Assam Cricket Association.
475	In 1996, Fleet didn't acquire the British branch network ( in New York and New Jersey ) from the US National Westminster Bank.	In 1996, Fleet did not acquire the British branch network ( in New York and New Jersey ) from the US National Westminster Bank.	In 1996, Fleet acquired the British branch network ( in New York and New Jersey ) from the US National Westminster Bank.
476	The city of Cortland, close to the western border of the county, is not surrounded by the town of Cortlandville.	The city of Cortland, close to the western border of the county, isn't surrounded by the town of Cortlandville.	The city of Cortland, close to the western border of the county, is surrounded by the town of Cortlandville.
477	Rattlesnake Island is not a small island on Okanagan Lake, located just east of Peachland, British Columbia, Canada.	Rattlesnake Island isn't a small island on Okanagan Lake, located just east of Peachland, British Columbia, Canada.	Rattlesnake Island is a small island on Okanagan Lake, located just east of Peachland, British Columbia, Canada.
478	Bingaman was not born in 1926 in McKenzie, Tennessee, moved to Indiana and visited the Lew Wallace High School in Gary, Indiana.	Bingaman wasn't born in 1926 in McKenzie, Tennessee, moved to Indiana and visited the Lew Wallace High School in Gary, Indiana.	Bingaman was born in 1926 in McKenzie, Tennessee, moved to Indiana and visited the Lew Wallace High School in Gary, Indiana.
479	The Fădimac River is not a tributary of the Bega River in Romania.	The Fădimac River isn't a tributary of the Bega River in Romania.	The Fădimac River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania.
480	The first thing in racing that you learn is to win a race, first you don't have to finish.	The first thing in racing that you learn is to win a race, first you do not have to finish.	The first thing in racing that you learn is to win a race, first you have to finish.
481	Bertlmann was not a close friend and collaborator of the late Walter Thirring and worked together with John Stewart Bell.	Bertlmann wasn't a close friend and collaborator of the late Walter Thirring and worked together with John Stewart Bell.	Bertlmann was a close friend and collaborator of the late Walter Thirring and worked together with John Stewart Bell.
482	Younessi doesn't have a child, a son named Dariyan Rodin Younessi, who started his racing career at Karting at the age of four.	Younessi does not have a child, a son named Dariyan Rodin Younessi, who started his racing career at Karting at the age of four.	Younessi has a child, a son named Dariyan Rodin Younessi, who started his racing career at Karting at the age of four.
483	The music of the film was not composed by Vijaya Bhaskar and written lyrics for the soundtrack of Chi Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha.	The music of the film wasn't composed by Vijaya Bhaskar and written lyrics for the soundtrack of Chi Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha.	The music of the film was composed by Vijaya Bhaskar and written lyrics for the soundtrack of Chi Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha.
484	Part of the neighborhood hasn't been annexed to Santa Clara County, while the rest consists of unincorporated areas of San Jose.	Part of the neighborhood has not been annexed to Santa Clara County, while the rest consists of unincorporated areas of San Jose.	Part of the neighborhood has been annexed to Santa Clara County, while the rest consists of unincorporated areas of San Jose.
485	The work on this manuscript was not started in 1426 at the order of Baysonghor Mirza, the Timurid prince, and was completed on 1430, four years later.	The work on this manuscript wasn't started in 1426 at the order of Baysonghor Mirza, the Timurid prince, and was completed on 1430, four years later.	The work on this manuscript was started in 1426 at the order of Baysonghor Mirza, the Timurid prince, and was completed on 1430, four years later.
486	Today ( from 2013 to 2017 ) the mayor is not Fernando Nogueira, elected by the PenCe ( independent movement ). The municipal holiday is October 1st.	Today ( from 2013 to 2017 ) the mayor isn't Fernando Nogueira, elected by the PenCe ( independent movement ). The municipal holiday is October 1st.	Today ( from 2013 to 2017 ) the mayor is Fernando Nogueira, elected by the PenCe ( independent movement ). The municipal holiday is October 1st.
487	They didn't play in the 2015 China Amateur Football League won the 3rd place and finished the promotion until 2016 China League Two.	They did not play in the 2015 China Amateur Football League won the 3rd place and finished the promotion until 2016 China League Two.	They played in the 2015 China Amateur Football League won the 3rd place and finished the promotion until 2016 China League Two.
489	Crocker didn't move from Natchez, Mississippi to Vidalia, the headquarters of the Concordia Parish, and crossed the lower Ouachita in the section called Black River.	Crocker did not move from Natchez, Mississippi to Vidalia, the headquarters of the Concordia Parish, and crossed the lower Ouachita in the section called Black River.	Crocker moved from Natchez, Mississippi to Vidalia, the headquarters of the Concordia Parish, and crossed the lower Ouachita in the section called Black River.
490	Nar-Dos didn't develop the Armenian critical trend of psychological realism displaying refined Armenian language.	Nar-Dos did not develop the Armenian critical trend of psychological realism displaying refined Armenian language.	Nar-Dos developed the Armenian critical trend of psychological realism displaying refined Armenian language.
491	She was not married to Edmund Ashfield and Richard Glanville after his death.	She wasn't married to Edmund Ashfield and Richard Glanville after his death.	She was married to Edmund Ashfield and Richard Glanville after his death.
492	The definition of Kali in Ayyavazhi is not focused as the materialized life.	The definition of Kali in Ayyavazhi isn't focused as the materialized life.	The definition of Kali in Ayyavazhi is focused as the materialized life.
493	A Kepler triangle is not a right-angled triangle with edge lengths in geometric progression, whereby the ratio of the edges of a Kepler triangle is bound to the golden ratio.	A Kepler triangle isn't a right-angled triangle with edge lengths in geometric progression, whereby the ratio of the edges of a Kepler triangle is bound to the golden ratio.	A Kepler triangle is a right-angled triangle with edge lengths in geometric progression, whereby the ratio of the edges of a Kepler triangle is bound to the golden ratio.
495	On Sunday there is not a free street market in the centre of the village, near the small car park.	On Sunday there's not a free street market in the centre of the village, near the small car park.	On Sunday there is a free street market in the centre of the village, near the small car park.
496	Two days later, at their annual game, Army didn't beat Navy, 6-4.	Two days later, at their annual game, Army did not beat Navy, 6-4.	Two days later, at their annual game, Army beat Navy, 6-4.
497	In the American series, Benjamin was not Michael Evans 's double.	In the American series, Benjamin wasn't Michael Evans 's double.	In the American series, Benjamin was Michael Evans 's double.
498	Due to the results obtained in the previous round, Kevin Gleason didn't receive + 30 kg, Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg.	Due to the results obtained in the previous round, Kevin Gleason did not receive + 30 kg, Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg.	Due to the results obtained in the previous round, Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg, Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg.
499	The functional structure of the Suhrkamp publishing house is located in the Lindenstraße, the literary reputation of the residence doesn't correspond in reverse to its architectural importance.	The functional structure of the Suhrkamp publishing house is located in the Lindenstraße, the literary reputation of the residence does not correspond in reverse to its architectural importance.	The functional structure of the Suhrkamp publishing house is located in the Lindenstraße, the literary reputation of the residence corresponds in reverse to its architectural importance.
500	According to Hernandez, TNA wanted to create a more Mexican stable, but Hernandez refused to use stereotypical jargon, TNA didn't give the promos to Anarquia.	According to Hernandez, TNA wanted to create a more Mexican stable, but Hernandez refused to use stereotypical jargon, TNA did not give the promos to Anarquia.	According to Hernandez, TNA wanted to create a more Mexican stable, but Hernandez refused to use stereotypical jargon, TNA gave the promos to Anarquia.
501	The elevation of the island doesn't have, and it is a coastline of length.	The elevation of the island does not have, and it is a coastline of length.	The elevation of the island has, and it is a coastline of length.
502	Helena Township is not a civil community of Antrim County in the U.S. state of Michigan.	Helena Township isn't a civil community of Antrim County in the U.S. state of Michigan.	Helena Township is a civil community of Antrim County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
503	Deaton was not born in Clayton, Oklahoma, and his family lived for two years in a tent on the plain of New Mexico.	Deaton wasn't born in Clayton, Oklahoma, and his family lived for two years in a tent on the plain of New Mexico.	Deaton was born in Clayton, Oklahoma, and his family lived for two years in a tent on the plain of New Mexico.
505	This prayer and the following are not said in a concelebrated fair by individual concelebrants.	This prayer and the following aren't said in a concelebrated fair by individual concelebrants.	This prayer and the following are said in a concelebrated fair by individual concelebrants.
506	Locus is not a racing game developed by GT Interactive Software Corp and published by Zombie LLC, North America.	Locus isn't a racing game developed by GT Interactive Software Corp and published by Zombie LLC, North America.	Locus is a racing game developed by GT Interactive Software Corp and published by Zombie LLC, North America.
508	La Unión is not a city in Ezeiza Partido, in the Greater Buenos Aires, Argentina.	La Unión isn't a city in Ezeiza Partido, in the Greater Buenos Aires, Argentina.	La Unión is a city in Ezeiza Partido, in the Greater Buenos Aires, Argentina.
510	The joint management of the memorial by the United States Navy and the National Park Service was not founded on 9 September 1980.	The joint management of the memorial by the United States Navy and the National Park Service wasn't founded on 9 September 1980.	The joint management of the memorial by the United States Navy and the National Park Service was founded on 9 September 1980.
511	In the same year, technologyreview.com didn't win second place at MPA Digital Awards for the best business or news website and third place for the best online video or the best video series.	In the same year, technologyreview.com did not win second place at MPA Digital Awards for the best business or news website and third place for the best online video or the best video series.	In the same year, technologyreview.com won second place at MPA Digital Awards for the best business or news website and third place for the best online video or the best video series.
512	Pérez also didn't practice with Telemundo, where she anchored and produced an entertainment segment for Telemundo Internacional.	Pérez also did not practice with Telemundo, where she anchored and produced an entertainment segment for Telemundo Internacional.	Pérez also practiced with Telemundo, where she anchored and produced an entertainment segment for Telemundo Internacional.
514	After extensive travels through Asia and a piece of Africa and Europe, the couple didn't settle in New York City, New York.	After extensive travels through Asia and a piece of Africa and Europe, the couple did not settle in New York City, New York.	After extensive travels through Asia and a piece of Africa and Europe, the couple settled in New York City, New York.
515	The " Friends of the School of Art and Design of Putney " doesn't promote the school and protects the interests of the current students.	The " Friends of the School of Art and Design of Putney " does not promote the school and protects the interests of the current students.	The " Friends of the School of Art and Design of Putney " promotes the school and protects the interests of the current students.
516	Mouhoun is not one of the 45 provinces of Boucle du Mouhoun Region and is in Burkina Faso. The capital of Mouhoun is Dédougou.	Mouhoun isn't one of the 45 provinces of Boucle du Mouhoun Region and is in Burkina Faso. The capital of Mouhoun is Dédougou.	Mouhoun is one of the 45 provinces of Boucle du Mouhoun Region and is in Burkina Faso. The capital of Mouhoun is Dédougou.
517	Abel Aganbegyan ( ; b. 1972, Novosibirsk ) is not a Russian economist, the President of Micex. Son of the famous Soviet economist Ruben Aganbegyan.	Abel Aganbegyan ( ; b. 1972, Novosibirsk ) isn't a Russian economist, the President of Micex. Son of the famous Soviet economist Ruben Aganbegyan.	Abel Aganbegyan ( ; b. 1972, Novosibirsk ) is a Russian economist, the President of Micex. Son of the famous Soviet economist Ruben Aganbegyan.
518	Birleffi was not of Protestant ethnicity and Roman Catholic in a predominantly Italian state.	Birleffi wasn't of Protestant ethnicity and Roman Catholic in a predominantly Italian state.	Birleffi was of Protestant ethnicity and Roman Catholic in a predominantly Italian state.
519	It is not found on quartzite hills in the Moora region of Western Australia near Wheatbelt, where it grows in sandy soils often with gravel.	It's not found on quartzite hills in the Moora region of Western Australia near Wheatbelt, where it grows in sandy soils often with gravel.	It is found on quartzite hills in the Moora region of Western Australia near Wheatbelt, where it grows in sandy soils often with gravel.
520	Another Marston company product line didn't start in 1931, with marine outboard engines first marketed as Marston Seagull, later known as British Seagull.	Another Marston company product line did not start in 1931, with marine outboard engines first marketed as Marston Seagull, later known as British Seagull.	Another Marston company product line started in 1931, with marine outboard engines first marketed as Marston Seagull, later known as British Seagull.
521	The village doesn't have three schools -- a primary school and two secondary schools.	The village does not have three schools -- a primary school and two secondary schools.	The village has three schools -- a primary school and two secondary schools.
522	In February 2016, Daniel Pollack didn't announce that Argentina had reached agreement with Paul Singer.	In February 2016, Daniel Pollack did not announce that Argentina had reached agreement with Paul Singer.	In February 2016, Daniel Pollack announced that Argentina had reached agreement with Paul Singer.
523	Treatment didn't include progressive muscle relaxation, cognitive exposure therapy with interoceptive restructuring, or a combination of both.	Treatment did not include progressive muscle relaxation, cognitive exposure therapy with interoceptive restructuring, or a combination of both.	Treatment included progressive muscle relaxation, cognitive exposure therapy with interoceptive restructuring, or a combination of both.
524	The Charge Spear is not a large spear that can be " charged to form a sharpened organic blade that can be used to strike enemies.	The Charge Spear isn't a large spear that can be " charged to form a sharpened organic blade that can be used to strike enemies.	The Charge Spear is a large spear that can be " charged to form a sharpened organic blade that can be used to strike enemies.
526	It is not located adjacent to the hamlet of Hickstead, to the west of Burgess Hill and next to the main A23 road from London to Brighton.	It's not located adjacent to the hamlet of Hickstead, to the west of Burgess Hill and next to the main A23 road from London to Brighton.	It is located adjacent to the hamlet of Hickstead, to the west of Burgess Hill and next to the main A23 road from London to Brighton.
527	In " Home Alone ", Kate McCallister didn't travele through Dallas/Fort Worth from Paris on her way to Chicago.	In " Home Alone ", Kate McCallister did not travele through Dallas/Fort Worth from Paris on her way to Chicago.	In " Home Alone ", Kate McCallister traveled through Dallas/Fort Worth from Paris on her way to Chicago.
528	This didn't allow Capcom to translate the basic expressions from Lee and use them Wayne in game.	This did not allow Capcom to translate the basic expressions from Lee and use them Wayne in game.	This allowed Capcom to translate the basic expressions from Lee and use them Wayne in game.
529	Born in Seville, Hidalgo didn't play for Badajoz and Celta de Vigo.	Born in Seville, Hidalgo did not play for Badajoz and Celta de Vigo.	Born in Seville, Hidalgo played for Badajoz and Celta de Vigo.
530	Hardin Independent School District is not a public school district based in Hardin, Texas ( USA ).	Hardin Independent School District isn't a public school district based in Hardin, Texas ( USA ).	Hardin Independent School District is a public school district based in Hardin, Texas ( USA ).
531	The Bazga River is not a tributary of the Bohotin River in Romania.	The Bazga River isn't a tributary of the Bohotin River in Romania.	The Bazga River is a tributary of the Bohotin River in Romania.
533	In this way, it was not possible to combine literally dozens of separate tracks and record them into finished recordings of great complexity.	In this way, it wasn't possible to combine literally dozens of separate tracks and record them into finished recordings of great complexity.	In this way, it was possible to combine literally dozens of separate tracks and record them into finished recordings of great complexity.
534	The western extension of the congestion charge in London was not withdrawn in 2007 ( and introduced on 1 January 2011 ).	The western extension of the congestion charge in London wasn't withdrawn in 2007 ( and introduced on 1 January 2011 ).	The western extension of the congestion charge in London was withdrawn in 2007 ( and introduced on 1 January 2011 ).
535	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine Mind, and manifest Spirit, a material body.	The conclusions are that we're all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine Mind, and manifest Spirit, a material body.	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine Mind, and manifest Spirit, not a material body.
536	Lea Lea Antonoplis and Cammy MacGregor didn't win 6 -- 3, 3 -- 6, 7 -- 5 against Ann Henricksson and Julie Richardson in the finals.	Lea Lea Antonoplis and Cammy MacGregor did not win 6 -- 3, 3 -- 6, 7 -- 5 against Ann Henricksson and Julie Richardson in the finals.	Lea Lea Antonoplis and Cammy MacGregor won 6 -- 3, 3 -- 6, 7 -- 5 against Ann Henricksson and Julie Richardson in the finals.
537	Taizhou Station ( Zhejiang province ) is not a train station of Yongtaiwen Railway in Taizhou, Zhejiang, People 's Republic of China.	Taizhou Station ( Zhejiang province ) isn't a train station of Yongtaiwen Railway in Taizhou, Zhejiang, People 's Republic of China.	Taizhou Station ( Zhejiang province ) is a train station of Yongtaiwen Railway in Taizhou, Zhejiang, People 's Republic of China.
538	The indigenous people of Chichigalpa were not of Toltec origin, the Niquiranos and Chorotegas.	The indigenous people of Chichigalpa weren't of Toltec origin, the Niquiranos and Chorotegas.	The indigenous people of Chichigalpa were of Toltec origin, the Niquiranos and Chorotegas.
539	The aircraft was not on a domestic flight from Goma to Kisangani via Ndjili.	The aircraft wasn't on a domestic flight from Goma to Kisangani via Ndjili.	The aircraft was on a domestic flight from Goma to Kisangani via Ndjili.
540	The awards haven't often bypassed the great Try scorer, winner - captain or international top player.	The awards have not often bypassed the great Try scorer, winner - captain or international top player.	The awards have often bypassed the great Try scorer, winner - captain or international top player.
541	Internal mass migration also didn't take place when 2 million Americans migrated to Los Angeles, of which 1.2 million settled in California.	Internal mass migration also did not take place when 2 million Americans migrated to Los Angeles, of which 1.2 million settled in California.	Internal mass migration also took place when 2 million Americans migrated to Los Angeles, of which 1.2 million settled in California.
542	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is not the " Magnum Opus " of the Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley, written together with Salim Ali.	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan isn't the " Magnum Opus " of the Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley, written together with Salim Ali.	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the " Magnum Opus " of the Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley, written together with Salim Ali.
543	so on the interval to the right, " f " is not greater than formula _ 61 and if formula _ 62 then :	so on the interval to the right, " f " isn't greater than formula _ 61 and if formula _ 62 then :	so on the interval to the right, " f " is greater than formula _ 61 and if formula _ 62 then :
544	The Moai statues of Chile ( Easter Island ) don't appear in several " gradius " plays as enemies.	The Moai statues of Chile ( Easter Island ) do not appear in several " gradius " plays as enemies.	The Moai statues of Chile ( Easter Island ) appear in several " gradius " plays as enemies.
545	Younger brother of Petri Walli was not Hasse Walli of Kingston Wall.	Younger brother of Petri Walli wasn't Hasse Walli of Kingston Wall.	Younger brother of Petri Walli was Hasse Walli of Kingston Wall.
547	From 1898 to 1902, some 1300 birds were not imported from America and released in many parts of the North and South Islands, from Northland to Southland.	From 1898 to 1902, some 1300 birds weren't imported from America and released in many parts of the North and South Islands, from Northland to Southland.	From 1898 to 1902, some 1300 birds were imported from America and released in many parts of the North and South Islands, from Northland to Southland.
548	While prostitution in Canada is illegal, most activities relating to prostitution are not legal.	While prostitution in Canada is illegal, most activities relating to prostitution aren't legal.	While prostitution in Canada is illegal, most activities relating to prostitution are legal.
549	For scalar spectral fluctuations, formula _ 9 is not referred to as the scalar index, with formula _ 10 corresponding to scale invariant fluctuations.	For scalar spectral fluctuations, formula _ 9 isn't referred to as the scalar index, with formula _ 10 corresponding to scale invariant fluctuations.	For scalar spectral fluctuations, formula _ 9 is referred to as the scalar index, with formula _ 10 corresponding to scale invariant fluctuations.
550	In 2009, he didn't join San Diego Sockers of the Professional Arena Soccer League.	In 2009, he did not join San Diego Sockers of the Professional Arena Soccer League.	In 2009, he joined San Diego Sockers of the Professional Arena Soccer League.
551	She doesn't find new hope and friendship in Enzo, the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new creative heights.	She does not find new hope and friendship in Enzo, the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new creative heights.	She finds new hope and friendship in Enzo, the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new creative heights.
552	Creswell is not served by the daily Roanoke Beacon newspaper from Plymouth, NC, and the weekly Washington Daily News from Washington, NC.	Creswell isn't served by the daily Roanoke Beacon newspaper from Plymouth, NC, and the weekly Washington Daily News from Washington, NC.	Creswell is served by the daily Roanoke Beacon newspaper from Plymouth, NC, and the weekly Washington Daily News from Washington, NC.
553	He didn't buy homes in Mar del Plata, a castle in Buenos Aires and a small hotel in Córdoba.	He did not buy homes in Mar del Plata, a castle in Buenos Aires and a small hotel in Córdoba.	He bought homes in Mar del Plata, a castle in Buenos Aires and a small hotel in Córdoba.
554	Arriving Philadelphia 16 October, " Jarvis " didn't enter 24 October and decommissioned the Atlantic Reserve Fleet.	Arriving Philadelphia 16 October, " Jarvis " did not enter 24 October and decommissioned the Atlantic Reserve Fleet.	Arriving Philadelphia 16 October, " Jarvis " entered 24 October and decommissioned the Atlantic Reserve Fleet.
556	This night, Emperor Muzong didn't die, and Li Zhan took the throne ( as Emperor Jingzong ).	This night, Emperor Muzong did not die, and Li Zhan took the throne ( as Emperor Jingzong ).	This night, Emperor Muzong died, and Li Zhan took the throne ( as Emperor Jingzong ).
557	Dean Mero didn't die in 2014 and the Company is now headed-up by his son, Barry Mero.	Dean Mero did not die in 2014 and the Company is now headed-up by his son, Barry Mero.	Dean Mero died in 2014 and the Company is now headed-up by his son, Barry Mero.
558	Almost the entire range is not part of the Sandia Mountain Wilderness area, including the Cibola National Forest.	Almost the entire range isn't part of the Sandia Mountain Wilderness area, including the Cibola National Forest.	Almost the entire range is part of the Sandia Mountain Wilderness area, including the Cibola National Forest.
559	In the same year, he was not appointed General Vicar for the region of Quebec of the Diocese of Mississippi and Illinois.	In the same year, he wasn't appointed General Vicar for the region of Quebec of the Diocese of Mississippi and Illinois.	In the same year, he was appointed General Vicar for the region of Quebec of the Diocese of Mississippi and Illinois.
560	" Town Without Pity " is not a song written by the composer Dimitri Tiomkin and the lyricist Ned Washington.	" Town Without Pity " isn't a song written by the composer Dimitri Tiomkin and the lyricist Ned Washington.	" Town Without Pity " is a song written by the composer Dimitri Tiomkin and the lyricist Ned Washington.
561	Basque players, playing for either the Spanish or the French teams, don't dominate international competitions.	Basque players, playing for either the Spanish or the French teams, do not dominate international competitions.	Basque players, playing for either the Spanish or the French teams, dominate international competitions.
562	The park is not 65 km west of Fianarantsoa and 139 km northeast of Mananjary in the regions of Haute Matsiatra and Vatovavy-Fitovinany.	The park isn't 65 km west of Fianarantsoa and 139 km northeast of Mananjary in the regions of Haute Matsiatra and Vatovavy-Fitovinany.	The park is 65 km west of Fianarantsoa and 139 km northeast of Mananjary in the regions of Haute Matsiatra and Vatovavy-Fitovinany.
563	He was not the only Australian and the only architect within the group.	He wasn't the only Australian and the only architect within the group.	He was the only Australian and the only architect within the group.
564	Another Dutch silversmith who worked in an auricular style was not Thomas Bogaert.	Another Dutch silversmith who worked in an auricular style wasn't Thomas Bogaert.	Another Dutch silversmith who worked in an auricular style was Thomas Bogaert.
566	The team is not coached by Tristan Gray ( former coach of Premiership side RHC Cougars ) and is currently captained by Emily Cotterill.	The team isn't coached by Tristan Gray ( former coach of Premiership side RHC Cougars ) and is currently captained by Emily Cotterill.	The team is coached by Tristan Gray ( former coach of Premiership side RHC Cougars ) and is currently captained by Emily Cotterill.
567	Match 1 : Naoki Sano doesn't defeat Masahito Kakihara ( leg submission )	Match 1 : Naoki Sano does not defeat Masahito Kakihara ( leg submission )	Match 1 : Naoki Sano defeats Masahito Kakihara ( leg submission )
568	He later didn't join Outfit United SC in Kolkata and played in the Calcutta Football League.	He later did not join Outfit United SC in Kolkata and played in the Calcutta Football League.	He later joined Outfit United SC in Kolkata and played in the Calcutta Football League.
569	In the first film the Fat Lady is not played by Elizabeth Spriggs, and by Dawn French in the third film.	In the first film the Fat Lady isn't played by Elizabeth Spriggs, and by Dawn French in the third film.	In the first film the Fat Lady is played by Elizabeth Spriggs, and by Dawn French in the third film.
571	The expansion of China Airlines ' political presence hasn't long been limited by Taiwan 's international status.	The expansion of China Airlines ' political presence has not long been limited by Taiwan 's international status.	The expansion of China Airlines ' political presence has long been limited by Taiwan 's international status.
572	Brighton Beach Railway Station is not located on the Sandringham line in Victoria, Australia, and serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburbs of Brighton.	Brighton Beach Railway Station isn't located on the Sandringham line in Victoria, Australia, and serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburbs of Brighton.	Brighton Beach Railway Station is located on the Sandringham line in Victoria, Australia, and serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburbs of Brighton.
573	In 1942, " Whitehall " was not adopted by the civil community of Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, in a national savings campaign of the warship - week ".	In 1942, " Whitehall " wasn't adopted by the civil community of Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, in a national savings campaign of the warship - week ".	In 1942, " Whitehall " was adopted by the civil community of Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, in a national savings campaign of the warship - week ".
574	After May 4, 2012, Gordon M. Snow was not replaced with a limited formal announcement by Michael S. Welch and then Joseph M. Demarest.	After May 4, 2012, Gordon M. Snow wasn't replaced with a limited formal announcement by Michael S. Welch and then Joseph M. Demarest.	After May 4, 2012, Gordon M. Snow was replaced with a limited formal announcement by Michael S. Welch and then Joseph M. Demarest.
575	Tracey Emin, Angus Fairhurst, Billy Childish, Jake Chapman, Billy Childish and Joshua Compston didn't include in the project.	Tracey Emin, Angus Fairhurst, Billy Childish, Jake Chapman, Billy Childish and Joshua Compston did not include in the project.	Tracey Emin, Angus Fairhurst, Billy Childish, Jake Chapman, Billy Childish and Joshua Compston included in the project.
576	Abraham Naftali Hertz Scheuer was not born in Frankfurt am Main in 1753 to his father Rabbi David Tebele Scheuer.	Abraham Naftali Hertz Scheuer wasn't born in Frankfurt am Main in 1753 to his father Rabbi David Tebele Scheuer.	Abraham Naftali Hertz Scheuer was born in Frankfurt am Main in 1753 to his father Rabbi David Tebele Scheuer.
577	His son, Ii Naomasa, was not adopted by Naotora and, under Tokugawa Ieyasu, became a dreaded general, who is considered one of his four guardians.	His son, Ii Naomasa, wasn't adopted by Naotora and, under Tokugawa Ieyasu, became a dreaded general, who's considered one of his four guardians.	His son, Ii Naomasa, was adopted by Naotora and, under Tokugawa Ieyasu, became a dreaded general, who is considered one of his four guardians.
579	That same year, technologyreview.com didn't win second place in the MPA Digital Awards for best business or news Website and third place for best online video or video series.	That same year, technologyreview.com did not win second place in the MPA Digital Awards for best business or news Website and third place for best online video or video series.	That same year, technologyreview.com won second place in the MPA Digital Awards for best business or news Website and third place for best online video or video series.
580	The event was not played on outdoor grass courts and held from September 27 through October 5, 1887 at the Philadelphia Cricket Club in Wissahickon, Philadelphia.	The event wasn't played on outdoor grass courts and held from September 27 through October 5, 1887 at the Philadelphia Cricket Club in Wissahickon, Philadelphia.	The event was played on outdoor grass courts and held from September 27 through October 5, 1887 at the Philadelphia Cricket Club in Wissahickon, Philadelphia.
581	According to the Indian Census 2011, the population of Samdari is not 25012, where male population is 12805 and female population is 12207.	According to the Indian Census 2011, the population of Samdari isn't 25012, where male population is 12805 and female population is 12207.	According to the Indian Census 2011, the population of Samdari is 25012, where male population is 12805 and female population is 12207.
582	Mendota is not a former settlement in Fresno County, California. It was located north of Warsaw near the site of Pueblo de las Juntas.	Mendota isn't a former settlement in Fresno County, California. It was located north of Warsaw near the site of Pueblo de las Juntas.	Mendota is a former settlement in Fresno County, California. It was located north of Warsaw near the site of Pueblo de las Juntas.
583	Sometimes already assigned codes were not reused or the x00 codes assigned previously were spared.	Sometimes already assigned codes weren't reused or the x00 codes assigned previously were spared.	Sometimes already assigned codes were reused or the x00 codes assigned previously were spared.
584	Asserson was not active in the church in Norway and was married to Eivind Saxlund.	Asserson wasn't active in the church in Norway and was married to Eivind Saxlund.	Asserson was active in the church in Norway and was married to Eivind Saxlund.
585	The Lotriorul River is not a tributary of the River Priporul in Romania.	The Lotriorul River isn't a tributary of the River Priporul in Romania.	The Lotriorul River is a tributary of the River Priporul in Romania.
586	Now Shiva Manivasagam and his men must not face to win the love between him and Bharati.	Now Shiva Manivasagam and his men mustn't face to win the love between him and Bharati.	Now Shiva Manivasagam and his men must face to win the love between him and Bharati.
587	This is not caused by a combination of adiabatic ( friction ) heating and kinetic compression.	This isn't caused by a combination of adiabatic ( friction ) heating and kinetic compression.	This is caused by a combination of adiabatic ( friction ) heating and kinetic compression.
588	The 2015 -- 16 Barangay Ginebra San Miguel season is not the 37th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association ( PBA ).	The 2015 -- 16 Barangay Ginebra San Miguel season isn't the 37th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association ( PBA ).	The 2015 -- 16 Barangay Ginebra San Miguel season is the 37th season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association ( PBA ).
590	The river Cârlibaba is not a tributary of the River Tătarca in Romania.	The river Cârlibaba isn't a tributary of the River Tătarca in Romania.	The river Cârlibaba is a tributary of the River Tătarca in Romania.
591	They didn't appear at the City Winery in Chicago on November 30, 2012, and on December 1, 2012, in the Beachland Ballroom in Cleveland.	They did not appear at the City Winery in Chicago on November 30, 2012, and on December 1, 2012, in the Beachland Ballroom in Cleveland.	They appeared at the City Winery in Chicago on November 30, 2012, and on December 1, 2012, in the Beachland Ballroom in Cleveland.
592	Mahoning Creek is not a tributary of the Lehigh River in the Schuylkill and Carbon - County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Mahoning Creek isn't a tributary of the Lehigh River in the Schuylkill and Carbon - County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Mahoning Creek is a tributary of the Lehigh River in the Schuylkill and Carbon - County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
593	Lukaszuk doesn't have two daughters, one with his current wife, news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his previous wife.	Lukaszuk does not have two daughters, one with his current wife, news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his previous wife.	Lukaszuk has two daughters, one with his current wife, news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his previous wife.
594	A historical figure is not a famous person in history, such as Katharina the Great, Napoleon, Washington, or Abraham Lincoln.	A historical figure isn't a famous person in history, such as Katharina the Great, Napoleon, Washington, or Abraham Lincoln.	A historical figure is a famous person in history, such as Katharina the Great, Napoleon, Washington, or Abraham Lincoln.
595	This species is not present in Switzerland, in France and in Italy.	This species isn't present in Switzerland, in France and in Italy.	This species is present in Switzerland, in France and in Italy.
596	The last three were not on CBS and the first was in the Blue Network.	The last three weren't on CBS and the first was in the Blue Network.	The last three were on CBS and the first was in the Blue Network.
597	In 1941, Armand L. Jeanne didn't marry Ruth Stuber.	In 1941, Armand L. Jeanne did not marry Ruth Stuber.	In 1941, Armand L. Jeanne married Ruth Stuber.
598	In the 2015 documentary film " The Gettysburg Address ", Edward Everett is not portrayed by actor Ed Asner.	In the 2015 documentary film " The Gettysburg Address ", Edward Everett isn't portrayed by actor Ed Asner.	In the 2015 documentary film " The Gettysburg Address ", Edward Everett is portrayed by actor Ed Asner.
599	The singer didn't debut at the Metropolitan Opera in 1993 as Hans Foltz in " Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg " by Richard Wagner.	The singer did not debut at the Metropolitan Opera in 1993 as Hans Foltz in " Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg " by Richard Wagner.	The singer debuted at the Metropolitan Opera in 1993 as Hans Foltz in " Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg " by Richard Wagner.
601	Miles didn't start playing football for the Vikings, a Pop Warner football team that L.V. coached.	Miles did not start playing football for the Vikings, a Pop Warner football team that L.V. coached.	Miles started playing football for the Vikings, a Pop Warner football team that L.V. coached.
602	The Marseille Provence Airport is not located in Marignane.	The Marseille Provence Airport isn't located in Marignane.	The Marseille Provence Airport is located in Marignane.
603	Mohsin Zaidi didn't live in Lucknow for nearly four decades before settling down in Delhi after retirement.	Mohsin Zaidi did not live in Lucknow for nearly four decades before settling down in Delhi after retirement.	Mohsin Zaidi lived in Lucknow for nearly four decades before settling down in Delhi after retirement.
604	The Dunăreana River is not a tributary of the Galbena River in Romania.	The Dunăreana River isn't a tributary of the Galbena River in Romania.	The Dunăreana River is a tributary of the Galbena River in Romania.
605	With the weakening of the Canadian dollar, manufacturing sales and exports didn't rise in November and December 2015, and employment increased.	With the weakening of the Canadian dollar, manufacturing sales and exports did not rise in November and December 2015, and employment increased.	With the weakening of the Canadian dollar, manufacturing sales and exports rose in November and December 2015, and employment increased.
607	A multi-region - DVD of the entire series was not published by Warner Archive on 4 February 2015 and announced on February 10, 2015.	A multi-region - DVD of the entire series wasn't published by Warner Archive on 4 February 2015 and announced on February 10, 2015.	A multi-region - DVD of the entire series was published by Warner Archive on 4 February 2015 and announced on February 10, 2015.
608	Other studies haven't also been submitted to the Federal Power Commission by the Congress and the Power Authority of New York.	Other studies have not also been submitted to the Federal Power Commission by the Congress and the Power Authority of New York.	Other studies have also been submitted to the Federal Power Commission by the Congress and the Power Authority of New York.
609	The river Scridoasa is not a tributary of the River Botizu in Romania.	The river Scridoasa isn't a tributary of the River Botizu in Romania.	The river Scridoasa is a tributary of the River Botizu in Romania.
610	The Irish Aviation Authority hasn't constructed a new control tower 1 km from the main terminal to the west of the old runway.	The Irish Aviation Authority has not constructed a new control tower 1 km from the main terminal to the west of the old runway.	The Irish Aviation Authority has constructed a new control tower 1 km from the main terminal to the west of the old runway.
611	With the restoration of the monarchy and the final departure of Napoleon in 1815, the military scene in Vietnam didn't quiet and French interest in Europe was revived.	With the restoration of the monarchy and the final departure of Napoleon in 1815, the military scene in Vietnam did not quiet and French interest in Europe was revived.	With the restoration of the monarchy and the final departure of Napoleon in 1815, the military scene in Vietnam quieted and French interest in Europe was revived.
612	2015 didn't play 4 Won 1 ( Canberra, Gold Coast ), Lost 3 ( Melbourne, Penrith )	2015 did not play 4 Won 1 ( Canberra, Gold Coast ), Lost 3 ( Melbourne, Penrith )	2015 Played 4 Won 1 ( Canberra, Gold Coast ), Lost 3 ( Melbourne, Penrith )
613	Both John Kerry in 2001 and Mark Warner didn't lose counties in 2004 to Loudoun and Prince William.	Both John Kerry in 2001 and Mark Warner did not lose counties in 2004 to Loudoun and Prince William.	Both John Kerry in 2001 and Mark Warner lost counties in 2004 to Loudoun and Prince William.
614	Kayalar is not a village connected to the Tirebolu district of the province of Giresun.	Kayalar isn't a village connected to the Tirebolu district of the province of Giresun.	Kayalar is a village connected to the Tirebolu district of the province of Giresun.
615	In the 9th minute, Xabi Alonso didn't open the leadership, followed by Lewandowski four minutes later.	In the 9th minute, Xabi Alonso did not open the leadership, followed by Lewandowski four minutes later.	In the 9th minute, Xabi Alonso opened the leadership, followed by Lewandowski four minutes later.
616	The Croatian variant is not played counter-clockwise, while in Montenegro the order is used clockwise.	The Croatian variant isn't played counter-clockwise, while in Montenegro the order is used clockwise.	The Croatian variant is played counter-clockwise, while in Montenegro the order is used clockwise.
617	Daryle Lamonica didn't run for three touchdowns, while Roger Hagberg and Hewritt Dixon threw for one touchdown each.	Daryle Lamonica did not run for three touchdowns, while Roger Hagberg and Hewritt Dixon threw for one touchdown each.	Daryle Lamonica ran for three touchdowns, while Roger Hagberg and Hewritt Dixon threw for one touchdown each.
618	1938 : The for-profit Saint Francis Hospital Company doesn't become the non-profit Saint Francis Hospital Association.	1938 : The for-profit Saint Francis Hospital Company does not become the non-profit Saint Francis Hospital Association.	1938 : The for-profit Saint Francis Hospital Company becomes the non-profit Saint Francis Hospital Association.
619	In November 2015, Bensebaini was not called up to the Tanzania national team for the first time for a pair of 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifiers against Algeria.	In November 2015, Bensebaini wasn't called up to the Tanzania national team for the first time for a pair of 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifiers against Algeria.	In November 2015, Bensebaini was called up to the Tanzania national team for the first time for a pair of 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifiers against Algeria.
620	Ivy Vujic didn't marry Jenkins on 2 April 2011.	Ivy Vujic did not marry Jenkins on 2 April 2011.	Ivy Vujic married Jenkins on 2 April 2011.
621	The Potiskum Emirate was not subjugated by the Ngizim people, who had organized the Karakare people.	The Potiskum Emirate wasn't subjugated by the Ngizim people, who had organized the Karakare people.	The Potiskum Emirate was subjugated by the Ngizim people, who had organized the Karakare people.
622	The station was not built in 1915 by the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad along the former Connecticut Valley Railroad line.	The station wasn't built in 1915 by the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad along the former Connecticut Valley Railroad line.	The station was built in 1915 by the New York, New Haven and Hartford Railroad along the former Connecticut Valley Railroad line.
623	They trained in Dnipropetrovsk in very poor conditions until they were able to move to Kiev in 2003 ; Volosozhar was not accompanied by her mother.	They trained in Dnipropetrovsk in very poor conditions until they were able to move to Kiev in 2003 ; Volosozhar wasn't accompanied by her mother.	They trained in Dnipropetrovsk in very poor conditions until they were able to move to Kiev in 2003 ; Volosozhar was accompanied by her mother.
624	The Alliance Française de Dhaka is not located at 26 Dhanmondi Road, Bangladesh, corner Mirpur Road, Dhanmondi, Dhaka No.	The Alliance Française de Dhaka isn't located at 26 Dhanmondi Road, Bangladesh, corner Mirpur Road, Dhanmondi, Dhaka No.	The Alliance Française de Dhaka is located at 26 Dhanmondi Road, Bangladesh, corner Mirpur Road, Dhanmondi, Dhaka No.
626	There are not seven picnic areas and several have reserved pavilions, the largest of which can accommodate up to 100 people and can be covered.	There aren't seven picnic areas and several have reserved pavilions, the largest of which can accommodate up to 100 people and can be covered.	There are seven picnic areas and several have reserved pavilions, the largest of which can accommodate up to 100 people and can be covered.
627	Ardning is not a municipality in the district of Styria in the Austrian province of Liezen.	Ardning isn't a municipality in the district of Styria in the Austrian province of Liezen.	Ardning is a municipality in the district of Styria in the Austrian province of Liezen.
629	The Joint Typhoon Warning Center also didn't recognize Hagupit as the 11th Typhoon Typhoon, 16th Tropical Storm and 18th Tropical Depression of the Pacific Typhoon Season 2008.	The Joint Typhoon Warning Center also did not recognize Hagupit as the 11th Typhoon Typhoon, 16th Tropical Storm and 18th Tropical Depression of the Pacific Typhoon Season 2008.	The Joint Typhoon Warning Center also recognized Hagupit as the 11th Typhoon Typhoon, 16th Tropical Storm and 18th Tropical Depression of the Pacific Typhoon Season 2008.
630	" It was recorded before it was written ", Paul Paul Webb didn't explain.	" It was recorded before it was written ", Paul Paul Webb did not explain.	" It was recorded before it was written ", Paul Paul Webb explained.
631	Old Polish language is not the period in the history of the Polish language between the 9th and 16th centuries, followed by the middle Polish language.	Old Polish language isn't the period in the history of the Polish language between the 9th and 16th centuries, followed by the middle Polish language.	Old Polish language is the period in the history of the Polish language between the 9th and 16th centuries, followed by the middle Polish language.
632	Johnson hasn't worked in animal molecular genetics in laboratories in Sydney, Townsville Queensland, Melbourne and Boston USA.	Johnson has not worked in animal molecular genetics in laboratories in Sydney, Townsville Queensland, Melbourne and Boston USA.	Johnson has worked in animal molecular genetics in laboratories in Sydney, Townsville Queensland, Melbourne and Boston USA.
633	Franklin Township, Ripley County, Indiana was not founded in 1855 and named after Franklin Township, the home of an early settler.	Franklin Township, Ripley County, Indiana wasn't founded in 1855 and named after Franklin Township, the home of an early settler.	Franklin Township, Ripley County, Indiana was founded in 1855 and named after Franklin Township, the home of an early settler.
634	There were not also several animatronic characters created... a doll playing goose ( Galaga ) and an animatronic head for the giant Cernos.	There weren't also several animatronic characters created... a doll playing goose ( Galaga ) and an animatronic head for the giant Cernos.	There were also several animatronic characters created... a doll playing goose ( Galaga ) and an animatronic head for the giant Cernos.
635	The original edition of the disc was not published on 11 January 2006 in Singapore and on 26 January 2006 in Malaysia.	The original edition of the disc wasn't published on 11 January 2006 in Singapore and on 26 January 2006 in Malaysia.	The original edition of the disc was published on 11 January 2006 in Singapore and on 26 January 2006 in Malaysia.
636	Where codice _ 3 is not a type qualifier, which the unqualified type of codice _ 27 is codice _ 28 and the qualified type is codice _ 29.	Where codice _ 3 isn't a type qualifier, which the unqualified type of codice _ 27 is codice _ 28 and the qualified type is codice _ 29.	Where codice _ 3 is a type qualifier, which the unqualified type of codice _ 27 is codice _ 28 and the qualified type is codice _ 29.
637	Henry Foss doesn't play Ryan Robbins, who runs the Sanctuary 's computer and security systems.	Henry Foss does not play Ryan Robbins, who runs the Sanctuary 's computer and security systems.	Henry Foss plays Ryan Robbins, who runs the Sanctuary 's computer and security systems.
638	He didn't die on February 19, 1935 in Holyhood Cemetery, Brookline, Massachusetts, and was buried in Boston, Massachusetts.	He did not die on February 19, 1935 in Holyhood Cemetery, Brookline, Massachusetts, and was buried in Boston, Massachusetts.	He died on February 19, 1935 in Holyhood Cemetery, Brookline, Massachusetts, and was buried in Boston, Massachusetts.
639	The association of the stylized eye with mirrors was not so strong that in the art of Teotihuacan, human eyes were often used as a substitute for the face of a mirror.	The association of the stylized eye with mirrors wasn't so strong that in the art of Teotihuacan, human eyes were often used as a substitute for the face of a mirror.	The association of the stylized eye with mirrors was so strong that in the art of Teotihuacan, human eyes were often used as a substitute for the face of a mirror.
640	In October 2017, the school didn't join Outwood Grange Academies Trust, and became Outwood Academy Redcar.	In October 2017, the school did not join Outwood Grange Academies Trust, and became Outwood Academy Redcar.	In October 2017, the school joined Outwood Grange Academies Trust, and became Outwood Academy Redcar.
641	He was not born in New York City and grew up in Athens, Greece, and then at North Grafton, Massachusetts.	He wasn't born in New York City and grew up in Athens, Greece, and then at North Grafton, Massachusetts.	He was born in New York City and grew up in Athens, Greece, and then at North Grafton, Massachusetts.
642	The hall was not left to Charles Loraine Smith who took the name Charles Loraine.	The hall wasn't left to Charles Loraine Smith who took the name Charles Loraine.	The hall was left to Charles Loraine Smith who took the name Charles Loraine.
643	Other R & D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were not General Andrew Talcott, Col. Thomas M. Logan, Talcott 's son and Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott.	Other R & D officials involved in the development of Bon Air weren't General Andrew Talcott, Col. Thomas M. Logan, Talcott 's son and Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott.	Other R & D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Andrew Talcott, Col. Thomas M. Logan, Talcott 's son and Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott.
645	There were not 12 female and 31 male athletes representing the country at the summer - Paralympics 2000.	There weren't 12 female and 31 male athletes representing the country at the summer - Paralympics 2000.	There were 12 female and 31 male athletes representing the country at the summer - Paralympics 2000.
646	The standards for 2005 were not adopted by the California Energy Commission on 5 November 2003 and approved by the Building Standards Commission on July 21, 2004.	The standards for 2005 weren't adopted by the California Energy Commission on 5 November 2003 and approved by the Building Standards Commission on July 21, 2004.	The standards for 2005 were adopted by the California Energy Commission on 5 November 2003 and approved by the Building Standards Commission on July 21, 2004.
647	This is not a list of the second football transfers for the " Malaysian transfer window 2013 ".	This isn't a list of the second football transfers for the " Malaysian transfer window 2013 ".	This is a list of the second football transfers for the " Malaysian transfer window 2013 ".
648	On January 18, 2010, Harry Mayes, paired with Bruno, didn't return to a daily show from noon to 2 PM on ESPN	On January 18, 2010, Harry Mayes, paired with Bruno, did not return to a daily show from noon to 2 PM on ESPN	On January 18, 2010, Harry Mayes, paired with Bruno, returned to a daily show from noon to 2 PM on ESPN
650	TS can't be derived theoretically for simple targets such as spheres and cylinders, but in practice, it is usually measured empirically or calculated with numerical models.	TS cannot be derived theoretically for simple targets such as spheres and cylinders, but in practice, it is usually measured empirically or calculated with numerical models.	TS can be derived theoretically for simple targets such as spheres and cylinders, but in practice, it is usually measured empirically or calculated with numerical models.
651	The surface of the W.Z.XII was not conventional and the vertical surfaces were similar to those of W.Z.XI.	The surface of the W.Z.XII wasn't conventional and the vertical surfaces were similar to those of W.Z.XI.	The surface of the W.Z.XII was conventional and the vertical surfaces were similar to those of W.Z.XI.
652	A wide range of different radical monomers with a unique R can't be synthesized.	A wide range of different radical monomers with a unique R cannot be synthesized.	A wide range of different radical monomers with a unique R can be synthesized.
653	The city is not located to the northeast of Gaza - town and Mediterranean, west of Amman, Jordan, southeast of Tel Aviv, Israel and south of Jerusalem.	The city isn't located to the northeast of Gaza - town and Mediterranean, west of Amman, Jordan, southeast of Tel Aviv, Israel and south of Jerusalem.	The city is located to the northeast of Gaza - town and Mediterranean, west of Amman, Jordan, southeast of Tel Aviv, Israel and south of Jerusalem.
654	" U. malabarica " doesn't grow through lateritic rocks or wet soils in the presence of " Eriocaulon " species and grasses.	" U. malabarica " does not grow through lateritic rocks or wet soils in the presence of " Eriocaulon " species and grasses.	" U. malabarica " grows through lateritic rocks or wet soils in the presence of " Eriocaulon " species and grasses.
655	Emerson didn't offer a year of foundation in Anthroposophy, followed by specialised courses in Waldorf education, biodynamics and later other courses.	Emerson did not offer a year of foundation in Anthroposophy, followed by specialised courses in Waldorf education, biodynamics and later other courses.	Emerson offered a year of foundation in Anthroposophy, followed by specialised courses in Waldorf education, biodynamics and later other courses.
656	The house was not purchased by Sir David Dundas of Dunira in 1858, who sold it on to George Dewhurst of Lymm, Cheshire, in 1864.	The house wasn't purchased by Sir David Dundas of Dunira in 1858, who sold it on to George Dewhurst of Lymm, Cheshire, in 1864.	The house was purchased by Sir David Dundas of Dunira in 1858, who sold it on to George Dewhurst of Lymm, Cheshire, in 1864.
657	It is not licensed and published in Taiwan by Blu on May 8, 2007, and is licensed by Sharp Point Press in North America.	It's not licensed and published in Taiwan by Blu on May 8, 2007, and is licensed by Sharp Point Press in North America.	It is licensed and published in Taiwan by Blu on May 8, 2007, and is licensed by Sharp Point Press in North America.
658	In March 2009, Marco Pierre White, whom Claudia Winkleman described as " naturally funny ", was not confirmed as a new host.	In March 2009, Marco Pierre White, whom Claudia Winkleman described as " naturally funny ", wasn't confirmed as a new host.	In March 2009, Marco Pierre White, whom Claudia Winkleman described as " naturally funny ", was confirmed as a new host.
659	Alice Comyn, his niece and heiress, didn't marry Henry Beaumont, a French nobleman in the English service.	Alice Comyn, his niece and heiress, did not marry Henry Beaumont, a French nobleman in the English service.	Alice Comyn, his niece and heiress, married Henry Beaumont, a French nobleman in the English service.
660	In February 2017, Prodrive didn't announce that they will use a Renault Mégane for Guerlain Chicherit at the FIA World Rallycross Championship in 2018.	In February 2017, Prodrive did not announce that they will use a Renault Mégane for Guerlain Chicherit at the FIA World Rallycross Championship in 2018.	In February 2017, Prodrive announced that they will use a Renault Mégane for Guerlain Chicherit at the FIA World Rallycross Championship in 2018.
661	J. David Spurlock was not born on November 18, 1959 in Dallas, Texas. He moved to Memphis, Tennessee in 1973.	J. David Spurlock wasn't born on November 18, 1959 in Dallas, Texas. He moved to Memphis, Tennessee in 1973.	J. David Spurlock was born on November 18, 1959 in Dallas, Texas. He moved to Memphis, Tennessee in 1973.
662	Special Emergency Response Team ( SERT ) is not the Police Tactical Group of the Queensland Police, Australia.	Special Emergency Response Team ( SERT ) isn't the Police Tactical Group of the Queensland Police, Australia.	Special Emergency Response Team ( SERT ) is the Police Tactical Group of the Queensland Police, Australia.
663	After two years, Byrd didn't reunite with Brown in 1970.	After two years, Byrd did not reunite with Brown in 1970.	After two years, Byrd reunited with Brown in 1970.
665	His meeting with Naresh Fernandes is not documented in the 2011 book " Taj-Mahal Foxtrot ", by Dave Brubeck.	His meeting with Naresh Fernandes isn't documented in the 2011 book " Taj-Mahal Foxtrot ", by Dave Brubeck.	His meeting with Naresh Fernandes is documented in the 2011 book " Taj-Mahal Foxtrot ", by Dave Brubeck.
666	She was not born in Mississippi, Germany, but grew up in Flint, Michigan.	She wasn't born in Mississippi, Germany, but grew up in Flint, Michigan.	She was born in Mississippi, Germany, but grew up in Flint, Michigan.
667	In addition to English, Bernicat also doesn't speak Russian, Hindi and French.	In addition to English, Bernicat also does not speak Russian, Hindi and French.	In addition to English, Bernicat also speaks Russian, Hindi and French.
668	The majority of philanthropic patients don't come from the poorer strata of society, who have access to free medical treatment in the Afghan Government or in Pakistani healthcare facilities.	The majority of philanthropic patients do not come from the poorer strata of society, who have access to free medical treatment in the Afghan Government or in Pakistani healthcare facilities.	The majority of philanthropic patients come from the poorer strata of society, who have access to free medical treatment in the Afghan Government or in Pakistani healthcare facilities.
669	If so, modern territory wouldn't probably have been shaped like a beautiful five-sided " home plate ".	If so, modern territory would not probably have been shaped like a beautiful five-sided " home plate ".	If so, modern territory would probably have been shaped like a beautiful five-sided " home plate ".
671	Actress Manuela don't Monte portrayed Carol in the Brazilian version of the series 2013.	Actress Manuela do not Monte portrayed Carol in the Brazilian version of the series 2013.	Actress Manuela do Monte portrayed Carol in the Brazilian version of the series 2013.
672	The mounting doesn't have a tripod, but the front leg is a castering wheel.	The mounting does not have a tripod, but the front leg is a castering wheel.	The mounting has a tripod, but the front leg is a castering wheel.
673	Grass Creek doesn't drain Grass Lake and flows north before it flows into Black Lake near Rossie, New York.	Grass Creek does not drain Grass Lake and flows north before it flows into Black Lake near Rossie, New York.	Grass Creek drains Grass Lake and flows north before it flows into Black Lake near Rossie, New York.
674	The band doesn't support Norwich City FC, with the exception of John Evans, who follows the Wrexham FC.	The band does not support Norwich City FC, with the exception of John Evans, who follows the Wrexham FC.	The band supports Norwich City FC, with the exception of John Evans, who follows the Wrexham FC.
675	A route section doesn't remain in place and is currently known as the Phoenixville Industrial Track ( also owned by NS ).	A route section does not remain in place and is currently known as the Phoenixville Industrial Track ( also owned by NS ).	A route section remains in place and is currently known as the Phoenixville Industrial Track ( also owned by NS ).
676	In 2006 Romania didn't produce a total of 62 TWh of electricity having an installed capacity of 17,360 MW in thermal, hydro and nuclear power plants.	In 2006 Romania did not produce a total of 62 TWh of electricity having an installed capacity of 17,360 MW in thermal, hydro and nuclear power plants.	In 2006 Romania produced a total of 62 TWh of electricity having an installed capacity of 17,360 MW in thermal, hydro and nuclear power plants.
677	For the 2011 season -- 12 Cowdenbeath were not managed by Colin Cameron, following the resignation of Jimmy Nicholl at the end of the previous season.	For the 2011 season -- 12 Cowdenbeath weren't managed by Colin Cameron, following the resignation of Jimmy Nicholl at the end of the previous season.	For the 2011 season -- 12 Cowdenbeath were managed by Colin Cameron, following the resignation of Jimmy Nicholl at the end of the previous season.
678	Zarate doesn't have three brothers, all footballers : older Mauro, younger Sergio and Ariel, with the first two eventually representing the Argentine national team.	Zarate does not have three brothers, all footballers : older Mauro, younger Sergio and Ariel, with the first two eventually representing the Argentine national team.	Zarate has three brothers, all footballers : older Mauro, younger Sergio and Ariel, with the first two eventually representing the Argentine national team.
680	The season 2014 -- 15 was not Maribor 's 24th consecutive season of football and the 55th season of the club in the Slovenian PrvaLiga, since the League foundation in 1991.	The season 2014 -- 15 wasn't Maribor 's 24th consecutive season of football and the 55th season of the club in the Slovenian PrvaLiga, since the League foundation in 1991.	The season 2014 -- 15 was Maribor 's 24th consecutive season of football and the 55th season of the club in the Slovenian PrvaLiga, since the League foundation in 1991.
681	His brother Giovanni Ludovico Bianconi was not a neoclassical doctor, art historian and bookseller who was a close friend of Winckelmann.	His brother Giovanni Ludovico Bianconi wasn't a neoclassical doctor, art historian and bookseller who was a close friend of Winckelmann.	His brother Giovanni Ludovico Bianconi was a neoclassical doctor, art historian and bookseller who was a close friend of Winckelmann.
682	San Pedro Parks Wilderness is not located in the Nacimiento Mountains, the southernmost finger of the western Rocky Mountains.	San Pedro Parks Wilderness isn't located in the Nacimiento Mountains, the southernmost finger of the western Rocky Mountains.	San Pedro Parks Wilderness is located in the Nacimiento Mountains, the southernmost finger of the western Rocky Mountains.
683	In the early days, family life was long : water and firewood didn't have to be brought by hard.	In the early days, family life was long : water and firewood did not have to be brought by hard.	In the early days, family life was long : water and firewood had to be brought by hard.
684	Paul Cavanagh also didn't double for Nelson.	Paul Cavanagh also did not double for Nelson.	Paul Cavanagh also doubled for Nelson.
685	22.0 % were not of German, 20.5 % Irish, 16.4 % Polish, 8.9 % Italian and 7.8 % English ancestry according to Census 2000.	22.0 % weren't of German, 20.5 % Irish, 16.4 % Polish, 8.9 % Italian and 7.8 % English ancestry according to Census 2000.	22.0 % were of German, 20.5 % Irish, 16.4 % Polish, 8.9 % Italian and 7.8 % English ancestry according to Census 2000.
686	Hugh Lawson Cansler was not born in Maryville, Tennessee, in 1871, a son of Laura Scott ( originally spelled " Cansler " ) and Gentzler.	Hugh Lawson Cansler wasn't born in Maryville, Tennessee, in 1871, a son of Laura Scott ( originally spelled " Cansler " ) and Gentzler.	Hugh Lawson Cansler was born in Maryville, Tennessee, in 1871, a son of Laura Scott ( originally spelled " Cansler " ) and Gentzler.
687	The 381st Bombardment Group was not formed at Pyote Air Force Base and was assigned to Ridgewell Airfield in Essex, England, about six miles from Haverhill.	The 381st Bombardment Group wasn't formed at Pyote Air Force Base and was assigned to Ridgewell Airfield in Essex, England, about six miles from Haverhill.	The 381st Bombardment Group was formed at Pyote Air Force Base and was assigned to Ridgewell Airfield in Essex, England, about six miles from Haverhill.
688	Cumberland himself was not shot in the side, head and legs, and Captain Lister was wounded in the shoulder.	Cumberland himself wasn't shot in the side, head and legs, and Captain Lister was wounded in the shoulder.	Cumberland himself was shot in the side, head and legs, and Captain Lister was wounded in the shoulder.
689	He didn't die on 16 August 1850 in Clarkstown ( now New City ), New York City.	He did not die on 16 August 1850 in Clarkstown ( now New City ), New York City.	He died on 16 August 1850 in Clarkstown ( now New City ), New York City.
690	At the UFC Fight Night 101, Brown didn't succeed with a split decision to steal a victory against Jon Tuck.	At the UFC Fight Night 101, Brown did not succeed with a split decision to steal a victory against Jon Tuck.	At the UFC Fight Night 101, Brown succeeded with a split decision to steal a victory against Jon Tuck.
691	Fiat - Money can't be accidentally damaged or destroyed if it is physically represented in the form of money ( paper or coins ).	Fiat - Money cannot be accidentally damaged or destroyed if it is physically represented in the form of money ( paper or coins ).	Fiat - Money can be accidentally damaged or destroyed if it is physically represented in the form of money ( paper or coins ).
692	Two more aftershocks above Magnitude 5 in Xinjiang and one in Kyrgyzstan didn't beat UTC on October 13 - time.	Two more aftershocks above Magnitude 5 in Xinjiang and one in Kyrgyzstan did not beat UTC on October 13 - time.	Two more aftershocks above Magnitude 5 in Xinjiang and one in Kyrgyzstan beat UTC on October 13 - time.
693	Assuming that the causal relationships are linear, this background knowledge can't be expressed in the following SEM specification ( Structural Equalization Model ).	Assuming that the causal relationships are linear, this background knowledge cannot be expressed in the following SEM specification ( Structural Equalization Model ).	Assuming that the causal relationships are linear, this background knowledge can be expressed in the following SEM specification ( Structural Equalization Model ).
694	Today the area of Skudenes doesn't refer to the southern part of the island Karmøy.	Today the area of Skudenes does not refer to the southern part of the island Karmøy.	Today the area of Skudenes refers to the southern part of the island Karmøy.
695	After his move to Wawel, style antico didn't become the main language of the musical statement of Pękiel.	After his move to Wawel, style antico did not become the main language of the musical statement of Pękiel.	After his move to Wawel, style antico became the main language of the musical statement of Pękiel.
696	Carew didn't die on November 6, 1620 and was buried in the Antonius Church on November 7.	Carew did not die on November 6, 1620 and was buried in the Antonius Church on November 7.	Carew died on November 6, 1620 and was buried in the Antonius Church on November 7.
697	He didn't win the second Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and in 1814 the first Prix de Rome for his painting of the " death of the Diagora ".	He did not win the second Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and in 1814 the first Prix de Rome for his painting of the " death of the Diagora ".	He won the second Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and in 1814 the first Prix de Rome for his painting of the " death of the Diagora ".
698	He didn't act as honorary consul in Adelaide for Sweden for 17 years.	He did not act as honorary consul in Adelaide for Sweden for 17 years.	He acted as honorary consul in Adelaide for Sweden for 17 years.
699	The single is not Paisley 's ninth overall Number One single on the " Billboard " Hot Country Songs charts, as well as his fifth consecutive Number One.	The single isn't Paisley 's ninth overall Number One single on the " Billboard " Hot Country Songs charts, as well as his fifth consecutive Number One.	The single is Paisley 's ninth overall Number One single on the " Billboard " Hot Country Songs charts, as well as his fifth consecutive Number One.
700	They didn't marry Horace W. Goggins, a dentist, a son whom they named Juanita II.	They did not marry Horace W. Goggins, a dentist, a son whom they named Juanita II.	They married Horace W. Goggins, a dentist, a son whom they named Juanita II.
701	Both Emperatriz and Esther don't fall in love with Alejandro Miranda ( Bernie Paz ).	Both Emperatriz and Esther do not fall in love with Alejandro Miranda ( Bernie Paz ).	Both Emperatriz and Esther fall in love with Alejandro Miranda ( Bernie Paz ).
702	The director was not John Guedel, the producer Harry Kronman.	The director wasn't John Guedel, the producer Harry Kronman.	The director was John Guedel, the producer Harry Kronman.
703	The album was not produced by Colin Richardson and mixed by Jason Suecof.	The album wasn't produced by Colin Richardson and mixed by Jason Suecof.	The album was produced by Colin Richardson and mixed by Jason Suecof.
704	Mohsin Zaidi didn't live in Delhi for nearly four decades before settling after his retirement in Lucknow.	Mohsin Zaidi did not live in Delhi for nearly four decades before settling after his retirement in Lucknow.	Mohsin Zaidi lived in Delhi for nearly four decades before settling after his retirement in Lucknow.
705	During the LGM, the Laurentide Ice Sheet didn't cover most of North America, while Beringia connected Siberia with Alaska.	During the LGM, the Laurentide Ice Sheet did not cover most of North America, while Beringia connected Siberia with Alaska.	During the LGM, the Laurentide Ice Sheet covered most of North America, while Beringia connected Siberia with Alaska.
706	In 2014-15, Shapiro didn't appear in the role of the eccentric neighbor of Marc Maron, Bernie, in the IFC - Comedy - Series " Maron ".	In 2014-15, Shapiro did not appear in the role of the eccentric neighbor of Marc Maron, Bernie, in the IFC - Comedy - Series " Maron ".	In 2014-15, Shapiro appeared in the role of the eccentric neighbor of Marc Maron, Bernie, in the IFC - Comedy - Series " Maron ".
707	Neelankarai is not located on the Old Mahabalipuram Road ( State Highway 49 ) and runs parallel to Thoraipakkam on OMR ( East Coast Road ).	Neelankarai isn't located on the Old Mahabalipuram Road ( State Highway 49 ) and runs parallel to Thoraipakkam on OMR ( East Coast Road ).	Neelankarai is located on the Old Mahabalipuram Road ( State Highway 49 ) and runs parallel to Thoraipakkam on OMR ( East Coast Road ).
709	In 1967 he didn't become a monk in the Stagrimo Gompa, a Drukpa - Kagyu monastery in Ladakh near Padum.	In 1967 he did not become a monk in the Stagrimo Gompa, a Drukpa - Kagyu monastery in Ladakh near Padum.	In 1967 he became a monk in the Stagrimo Gompa, a Drukpa - Kagyu monastery in Ladakh near Padum.
710	He doesn't founder the Aquila Press in the 1930s to publish literary but obscure works, and he wrote or translated over 50 books.	He does not founder the Aquila Press in the 1930s to publish literary but obscure works, and he wrote or translated over 50 books.	He founded the Aquila Press in the 1930s to publish literary but obscure works, and he wrote or translated over 50 books.
711	Major airports near Seymour don't include : Austin Straubel International Airport ( public ), in Ashwaubenon ; Appleton International Airport ( public ), in Greenville.	Major airports near Seymour do not include : Austin Straubel International Airport ( public ), in Ashwaubenon ; Appleton International Airport ( public ), in Greenville.	Major airports near Seymour include : Austin Straubel International Airport ( public ), in Ashwaubenon ; Appleton International Airport ( public ), in Greenville.
712	Asad Bashir Khan Khattak didn't marry businessman Malik in Dubai on 25 December 2013.	Asad Bashir Khan Khattak did not marry businessman Malik in Dubai on 25 December 2013.	Asad Bashir Khan Khattak married businessman Malik in Dubai on 25 December 2013.
713	This is not due to the reduction of excitatory synaptic transmission in a nucleus and increased excitability in motor neurons caused by nicotinic activation.	This isn't due to the reduction of excitatory synaptic transmission in a nucleus and increased excitability in motor neurons caused by nicotinic activation.	This is due to the reduction of excitatory synaptic transmission in a nucleus and increased excitability in motor neurons caused by nicotinic activation.
714	Holsman didn't award the Parkway Garden Homes a European design, inspired by modernist housing projects of the 1920s and 1930s.	Holsman did not award the Parkway Garden Homes a European design, inspired by modernist housing projects of the 1920s and 1930s.	Holsman awarded the Parkway Garden Homes a European design, inspired by modernist housing projects of the 1920s and 1930s.
715	Jason Kubler didn't win the title by defeating Radu Albot 6 -- 4, 6 -- 1 in the final.	Jason Kubler did not win the title by defeating Radu Albot 6 -- 4, 6 -- 1 in the final.	Jason Kubler won the title by defeating Radu Albot 6 -- 4, 6 -- 1 in the final.
716	He was not elected in 1977 and was re-elected in April 1978 to the newly created Court of Appeal 1.	He wasn't elected in 1977 and was re-elected in April 1978 to the newly created Court of Appeal 1.	He was elected in 1977 and was re-elected in April 1978 to the newly created Court of Appeal 1.
717	Mike Harthcock ( also known as Mike Hart ) is not an American poker player from Winter Haven, Florida.	Mike Harthcock ( also known as Mike Hart ) isn't an American poker player from Winter Haven, Florida.	Mike Harthcock ( also known as Mike Hart ) is an American poker player from Winter Haven, Florida.
718	The leaves are not typically 1.5-4 mm wide and 0.2-0.7 mm long.	The leaves aren't typically 1.5-4 mm wide and 0.2-0.7 mm long.	The leaves are typically 1.5-4 mm wide and 0.2-0.7 mm long.
719	Eoacmaea chamorrorum is not a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the Eoacmaeidae family, one of the families of the true limpets.	Eoacmaea chamorrorum isn't a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the Eoacmaeidae family, one of the families of the true limpets.	Eoacmaea chamorrorum is a species of sea snail, a true limpet, a marine gastropod mollusk in the Eoacmaeidae family, one of the families of the true limpets.
720	This private humanitarian project is not led by the African Agricultural Technology Foundation, a Kenyan non-governmental organization.	This private humanitarian project isn't led by the African Agricultural Technology Foundation, a Kenyan non-governmental organization.	This private humanitarian project is led by the African Agricultural Technology Foundation, a Kenyan non-governmental organization.
721	Born and raised in Briarcliff Manor, Tom Ortenberg, Managing Director of Open Road Films and former president of Lionsgate Films, was not born.	Born and raised in Briarcliff Manor, Tom Ortenberg, Managing Director of Open Road Films and former president of Lionsgate Films, wasn't born.	Born and raised in Briarcliff Manor, Tom Ortenberg, Managing Director of Open Road Films and former president of Lionsgate Films, was born.
722	In 1960, Ardley married Bridget Gantley, the couple had a daughter, in 2003 he didn't marry Vivian Wilson and died in Milford, Derbyshire.	In 1960, Ardley married Bridget Gantley, the couple had a daughter, in 2003 he did not marry Vivian Wilson and died in Milford, Derbyshire.	In 1960, Ardley married Bridget Gantley, the couple had a daughter, in 2003 he married Vivian Wilson and died in Milford, Derbyshire.
723	When Justice Tyler died in 1813, John Tyler didn't inherit Greenway at the age of 23.	When Justice Tyler died in 1813, John Tyler did not inherit Greenway at the age of 23.	When Justice Tyler died in 1813, John Tyler inherited Greenway at the age of 23.
724	The planned electrification of the route Manchester to Blackpool Nord was not announced in December 2009.	The planned electrification of the route Manchester to Blackpool Nord wasn't announced in December 2009.	The planned electrification of the route Manchester to Blackpool Nord was announced in December 2009.
725	Pennsauken Township is not located in the 6th Congressional District and is part of the 1st State Legislative District of New Jersey.	Pennsauken Township isn't located in the 6th Congressional District and is part of the 1st State Legislative District of New Jersey.	Pennsauken Township is located in the 6th Congressional District and is part of the 1st State Legislative District of New Jersey.
726	Candle Lake Airpark is not located northwest west of Candle Lake, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Candle Lake Airpark isn't located northwest west of Candle Lake, Saskatchewan, Canada.	Candle Lake Airpark is located northwest west of Candle Lake, Saskatchewan, Canada.
729	Makopong is not a village in Kgalagadi District of South Africa. It is located close to the border with Botswana. The population was 1,697 in the 2011 census.	Makopong isn't a village in Kgalagadi District of South Africa. It's located close to the border with Botswana. The population was 1,697 in the 2011 census.	Makopong is a village in Kgalagadi District of South Africa. It is located close to the border with Botswana. The population was 1,697 in the 2011 census.
730	On August 12, 2003 Kottonmouth Kings didn't release their 3rd Compilation - Album, their 1st Live album and their 9th total album, Classic Hits Live.	On August 12, 2003 Kottonmouth Kings did not release their 3rd Compilation - Album, their 1st Live album and their 9th total album, Classic Hits Live.	On August 12, 2003 Kottonmouth Kings released their 3rd Compilation - Album, their 1st Live album and their 9th total album, Classic Hits Live.
731	This is also a shearing effect : when the focal length is smaller, the shearing effect is not greater.	This is also a shearing effect : when the focal length is smaller, the shearing effect isn't greater.	This is also a shearing effect : when the focal length is smaller, the shearing effect is greater.
732	For the 17th time the Glenn Howard didn't win the Ontario Championship as third or skip.	For the 17th time the Glenn Howard did not win the Ontario Championship as third or skip.	For the 17th time the Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship as third or skip.
733	It is not located to the north of New Square and New Hempstead, east of Viola, south of Spring Valley and west of New City.	It's not located to the north of New Square and New Hempstead, east of Viola, south of Spring Valley and west of New City.	It is located to the north of New Square and New Hempstead, east of Viola, south of Spring Valley and west of New City.
734	The season 1995 -- 96 of FC Bayern Munich was not their 31st season of existence and the 95th Bundesliga season.	The season 1995 -- 96 of FC Bayern Munich wasn't their 31st season of existence and the 95th Bundesliga season.	The season 1995 -- 96 of FC Bayern Munich was their 31st season of existence and the 95th Bundesliga season.
735	He was not governor of Bihar from 3 March 1989 to 2 February 1990.He served as the governor of Haryana from 27 July 2009 to 26 July 2014.	He wasn't governor of Bihar from 3 March 1989 to 2 February 1990.He served as the governor of Haryana from 27 July 2009 to 26 July 2014.	He was governor of Bihar from 3 March 1989 to 2 February 1990.He served as the governor of Haryana from 27 July 2009 to 26 July 2014.
736	The northern side of the bay is not defined by mainland Ontario, while the southern side follows the banks of the Prince Edward County.	The northern side of the bay isn't defined by mainland Ontario, while the southern side follows the banks of the Prince Edward County.	The northern side of the bay is defined by mainland Ontario, while the southern side follows the banks of the Prince Edward County.
737	The church doesn't serve the parish of Brighton, a residential area in the north of Hove near the border to West Blatchington.	The church does not serve the parish of Brighton, a residential area in the north of Hove near the border to West Blatchington.	The church serves the parish of Brighton, a residential area in the north of Hove near the border to West Blatchington.
738	In 1987 Ruhollah Khomeini was not appointed by Fallahian as chief prosecutor of the Special Court for the Clergy and led the trial against Mehdi Hashemi.	In 1987 Ruhollah Khomeini wasn't appointed by Fallahian as chief prosecutor of the Special Court for the Clergy and led the trial against Mehdi Hashemi.	In 1987 Ruhollah Khomeini was appointed by Fallahian as chief prosecutor of the Special Court for the Clergy and led the trial against Mehdi Hashemi.
739	He doesn't live with his wife Cynthia in Ridgefield, Connecticut, and has four children : Jason, Heather, Lindsay and Rebecca.	He does not live with his wife Cynthia in Ridgefield, Connecticut, and has four children : Jason, Heather, Lindsay and Rebecca.	He lives with his wife Cynthia in Ridgefield, Connecticut, and has four children : Jason, Heather, Lindsay and Rebecca.
740	Woodstock was not established as a town in 1804 from part of the Town of Shandaken.	Woodstock wasn't established as a town in 1804 from part of the Town of Shandaken.	Woodstock was established as a town in 1804 from part of the Town of Shandaken.
741	Bayswater is not connected to the south by the Garratt Road Bridge and the Redcliffe Bridge ( Tonkin Highway ) south of the Swan River.	Bayswater isn't connected to the south by the Garratt Road Bridge and the Redcliffe Bridge ( Tonkin Highway ) south of the Swan River.	Bayswater is connected to the south by the Garratt Road Bridge and the Redcliffe Bridge ( Tonkin Highway ) south of the Swan River.
742	In return, Grimoald didn't give him his daughter to marriage and granted him the duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto.	In return, Grimoald did not give him his daughter to marriage and granted him the duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto.	In return, Grimoald gave him his daughter to marriage and granted him the duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto.
743	He didn't play the childhood role of Mohanlal, which was portrayed by Thomas Chacko.	He did not play the childhood role of Mohanlal, which was portrayed by Thomas Chacko.	He played the childhood role of Mohanlal, which was portrayed by Thomas Chacko.
744	However, species such as " T. eurycephalus " didn't have a lower rostrum and a shorter skull.	However, species such as " T. eurycephalus " did not have a lower rostrum and a shorter skull.	However, species such as " T. eurycephalus " had a lower rostrum and a shorter skull.
745	In early 2010, it was not announced that Allan had resigned from the position of Executive Producer and that Paul Marquess had taken on the role.	In early 2010, it wasn't announced that Allan had resigned from the position of Executive Producer and that Paul Marquess had taken on the role.	In early 2010, it was announced that Allan had resigned from the position of Executive Producer and that Paul Marquess had taken on the role.
746	In the Lagrange mechanics, the generalized coordinates don't form a discrete set of variables that define the configuration of a system.	In the Lagrange mechanics, the generalized coordinates do not form a discrete set of variables that define the configuration of a system.	In the Lagrange mechanics, the generalized coordinates form a discrete set of variables that define the configuration of a system.
747	Scenic design was not by Allen Moyer, lighting by David Lander, costumes by Michael Krass and the original music and sound design by David Van Tieghem.	Scenic design wasn't by Allen Moyer, lighting by David Lander, costumes by Michael Krass and the original music and sound design by David Van Tieghem.	Scenic design was by Allen Moyer, lighting by David Lander, costumes by Michael Krass and the original music and sound design by David Van Tieghem.
748	There are not about 2,000 islands along the coastline, almost three quarters of which are uninhabited.	There aren't about 2,000 islands along the coastline, almost three quarters of which are uninhabited.	There are about 2,000 islands along the coastline, almost three quarters of which are uninhabited.
750	The March 2000 issue didn't have a French edition, and a hardcover " limited " edition appeared in 2002.	The March 2000 issue did not have a French edition, and a hardcover " limited " edition appeared in 2002.	The March 2000 issue had a French edition, and a hardcover " limited " edition appeared in 2002.
751	It is not one of the only surviving round barns built in central Illinois and one of only two known in the state with glazed tiles.	It's not one of the only surviving round barns built in central Illinois and one of only two known in the state with glazed tiles.	It is one of the only surviving round barns built in central Illinois and one of only two known in the state with glazed tiles.
752	The Karoo mine is not a large mine in the northern part of Gauteng in South Africa.	The Karoo mine isn't a large mine in the northern part of Gauteng in South Africa.	The Karoo mine is a large mine in the northern part of Gauteng in South Africa.
754	A new drummer, Heyden Wilson, didn't join the band for recording this album, as did a second guitarist, Dave Traves.	A new drummer, Heyden Wilson, did not join the band for recording this album, as did a second guitarist, Dave Traves.	A new drummer, Heyden Wilson, joined the band for recording this album, as did a second guitarist, Dave Traves.
755	The character of Holden Ford is not based on FBI - Agent John E. Douglas, and Bill Tench is based on a pioneer - FBI - Agent Robert K. Ressler.	The character of Holden Ford isn't based on FBI - Agent John E. Douglas, and Bill Tench is based on a pioneer - FBI - Agent Robert K. Ressler.	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI - Agent John E. Douglas, and Bill Tench is based on a pioneer - FBI - Agent Robert K. Ressler.
756	It was not the first single released by the group and their third release on Silvertone Records.	It wasn't the first single released by the group and their third release on Silvertone Records.	It was the first single released by the group and their third release on Silvertone Records.
757	Gérard Depardieu was not born to a wealthy Parisian family and married Lucie Guignot, Élisabeth Dominique, on February 19, 1970.	Gérard Depardieu wasn't born to a wealthy Parisian family and married Lucie Guignot, Élisabeth Dominique, on February 19, 1970.	Gérard Depardieu was born to a wealthy Parisian family and married Lucie Guignot, Élisabeth Dominique, on February 19, 1970.
758	Wichita North High School was the second high school in the city of Wichita, completed in 1929, Wichita East High School was not the first high school..	Wichita North High School was the second high school in the city of Wichita, completed in 1929, Wichita East High School wasn't the first high school..	Wichita North High School was the second high school in the city of Wichita, completed in 1929, Wichita East High School was the first high school..
759	NDA didn't win 206 seats while RJD 22 won seats.	NDA did not win 206 seats while RJD 22 won seats.	NDA won 206 seats while RJD 22 won seats.
760	According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county doesn't have a total area of which is land and ( 17.6 % ) water.	According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county does not have a total area of which is land and ( 17.6 % ) water.	According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of which is land and ( 17.6 % ) water.
762	He didn't die on July 23, 1942 at his home in Trenton and is buried at the Old Broad Street Presbyterian Church and Cemetery in Bridgeton.	He did not die on July 23, 1942 at his home in Trenton and is buried at the Old Broad Street Presbyterian Church and Cemetery in Bridgeton.	He died on July 23, 1942 at his home in Trenton and is buried at the Old Broad Street Presbyterian Church and Cemetery in Bridgeton.
763	In 2012, he didn't go to Canada to play with London City in the Canadian Soccer League, returning to Serbia to play with Srem Jakovo and Jedinstvo Surčin.	In 2012, he did not go to Canada to play with London City in the Canadian Soccer League, returning to Serbia to play with Srem Jakovo and Jedinstvo Surčin.	In 2012, he went to Canada to play with London City in the Canadian Soccer League, returning to Serbia to play with Srem Jakovo and Jedinstvo Surčin.
764	UACCM is not located along Interstate 40 about west of Little Rock in the town of Morrilton in Conway County, Arkansas.	UACCM isn't located along Interstate 40 about west of Little Rock in the town of Morrilton in Conway County, Arkansas.	UACCM is located along Interstate 40 about west of Little Rock in the town of Morrilton in Conway County, Arkansas.
766	Sir Roger Martyn ( or Martin ) was Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567, he was not Sheriff of London in 1559.	Sir Roger Martyn ( or Martin ) was Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567, he wasn't Sheriff of London in 1559.	Sir Roger Martyn ( or Martin ) was Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567, he was Sheriff of London in 1559.
767	The river Valea Turcului is not a tributary of the River Azuga in Romania.	The river Valea Turcului isn't a tributary of the River Azuga in Romania.	The river Valea Turcului is a tributary of the River Azuga in Romania.
768	The manuscript was not examined by Montfaucon, Wettstein, and Cramer. It was described and examined by Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.	The manuscript wasn't examined by Montfaucon, Wettstein, and Cramer. It was described and examined by Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.	The manuscript was examined by Montfaucon, Wettstein, and Cramer. It was described and examined by Paulin Martin. C. R. Gregory saw the manuscript in 1885.
769	Hog Island is not a center and camp for the Maine chapter of the National Audubon Society.	Hog Island isn't a center and camp for the Maine chapter of the National Audubon Society.	Hog Island is a center and camp for the Maine chapter of the National Audubon Society.
770	Hayashi didn't say that Mackey " is the original model of Tenchi ".	Hayashi did not say that Mackey " is the original model of Tenchi ".	Hayashi said that Mackey " is the original model of Tenchi ".
771	The season from 1982 to 83 National Basketball Association was not the 37th season of the NBA.	The season from 1982 to 83 National Basketball Association wasn't the 37th season of the NBA.	The season from 1982 to 83 National Basketball Association was the 37th season of the NBA.
772	When a complex number is not expressed in polar form as	When a complex number isn't expressed in polar form as	When a complex number is expressed in polar form as
773	AB InBev doesn't remain the largest brewery, second with SABMiller and Heineken International in third place.	AB InBev does not remain the largest brewery, second with SABMiller and Heineken International in third place.	AB InBev remains the largest brewery, second with SABMiller and Heineken International in third place.
774	In order to find the cuts used by this method, problem-specific methods are not needed.	In order to find the cuts used by this method, problem-specific methods aren't needed.	In order to find the cuts used by this method, problem-specific methods are needed.
775	Today, 146 of his works are not exhibited in the Art Museum of Georgia and sixteen paintings are shown in the Historical-Ethnographic Museum of Sighnaghi.	Today, 146 of his works aren't exhibited in the Art Museum of Georgia and sixteen paintings are shown in the Historical-Ethnographic Museum of Sighnaghi.	Today, 146 of his works are exhibited in the Art Museum of Georgia and sixteen paintings are shown in the Historical-Ethnographic Museum of Sighnaghi.
776	In November 2015, Bensebaini was not appointed for the first time to the national team of Tanzania for a pair of FIFA World Cup qualifiers in 2018 against Algeria.	In November 2015, Bensebaini wasn't appointed for the first time to the national team of Tanzania for a pair of FIFA World Cup qualifiers in 2018 against Algeria.	In November 2015, Bensebaini was appointed for the first time to the national team of Tanzania for a pair of FIFA World Cup qualifiers in 2018 against Algeria.
777	In particular, the medieval iron fencework doesn't show Eastlake influence in its ornamental design.	In particular, the medieval iron fencework does not show Eastlake influence in its ornamental design.	In particular, the medieval iron fencework shows Eastlake influence in its ornamental design.
778	This room is not built with a barometer and a presented scale.	This room isn't built with a barometer and a presented scale.	This room is built with a barometer and a presented scale.
779	Depending on exact species, the Asian species don't include and weigh between and the smallest animals in the world.	Depending on exact species, the Asian species do not include and weigh between and the smallest animals in the world.	Depending on exact species, the Asian species include and weigh between and the smallest animals in the world.
780	In addition, Spain didn't enter into negotiations with the Portuguese court and agreed on the peace of Lisbon on 13 February 1668.	In addition, Spain did not enter into negotiations with the Portuguese court and agreed on the peace of Lisbon on 13 February 1668.	In addition, Spain entered into negotiations with the Portuguese court and agreed on the peace of Lisbon on 13 February 1668.
781	The Vidăcut River or Hidecut River is not a tributary of the Eliseni River, in Romania	The Vidăcut River or Hidecut River isn't a tributary of the Eliseni River, in Romania	The Vidăcut River or Hidecut River is a tributary of the Eliseni River, in Romania
782	First, he was not destroyed by the VR Double Team attack, then weakened by JB 's " Laser Lance " command.	First, he wasn't destroyed by the VR Double Team attack, then weakened by JB 's " Laser Lance " command.	First, he was destroyed by the VR Double Team attack, then weakened by JB 's " Laser Lance " command.
783	In 1995 she didn't marry Stuart Kerri McKeehan, the sister of TobyMac.	In 1995 she did not marry Stuart Kerri McKeehan, the sister of TobyMac.	In 1995 she married Stuart Kerri McKeehan, the sister of TobyMac.
784	Where the sum doesn't extend over all paths, Formula 40 with the property that Formula 39 and Formula 41. The analogue expression in quantum mechanics is the path integral.	Where the sum does not extend over all paths, Formula 40 with the property that Formula 39 and Formula 41. The analogue expression in quantum mechanics is the path integral.	Where the sum extends over all paths, Formula 40 with the property that Formula 39 and Formula 41. The analogue expression in quantum mechanics is the path integral.
785	The song was not written by Thicke and Lamar alongside will.i.am, and produced by Dr. Luke and Cirkut.	The song wasn't written by Thicke and Lamar alongside will.i.am, and produced by Dr. Luke and Cirkut.	The song was written by Thicke and Lamar alongside will.i.am, and produced by Dr. Luke and Cirkut.
786	Kurt Hummel ( Chris Colfer ), a former member of New Directions, doesn't attend the concert, accompanied by his friend Blaine Anderson ( Darren Criss ).	Kurt Hummel ( Chris Colfer ), a former member of New Directions, does not attend the concert, accompanied by his friend Blaine Anderson ( Darren Criss ).	Kurt Hummel ( Chris Colfer ), a former member of New Directions, attends the concert, accompanied by his friend Blaine Anderson ( Darren Criss ).
787	Batman ( Bruce Wayne ) and Belson Dick 's kidnapping don't investigate Batman back in Gotham and learn that Barbara is also missing.	Batman ( Bruce Wayne ) and Belson Dick 's kidnapping do not investigate Batman back in Gotham and learn that Barbara is also missing.	Batman ( Bruce Wayne ) and Belson Dick 's kidnapping investigate Batman back in Gotham and learn that Barbara is also missing.
788	Matsumoto didn't play previously for Tokushima Vortis, Shonan Bellmare and Kyoto Purple Sanga.	Matsumoto did not play previously for Tokushima Vortis, Shonan Bellmare and Kyoto Purple Sanga.	Matsumoto played previously for Tokushima Vortis, Shonan Bellmare and Kyoto Purple Sanga.
790	He has a son, Seamus, who is seen, but is mentioned in the series.	He has a son, Seamus, who's seen, but is mentioned in the series.	He has a son, Seamus, who is seen, but is never mentioned in the series.
792	In February 2016, Daniel Pollack didn't announce that Argentina had reached agreement with Paul Singer.	In February 2016, Daniel Pollack did not announce that Argentina had reached agreement with Paul Singer.	In February 2016, Daniel Pollack announced that Argentina had reached agreement with Paul Singer.
793	The 1990 Philadelphia Wings season didn't mark the fourth season of the team operation and second championship.	The 1990 Philadelphia Wings season did not mark the fourth season of the team operation and second championship.	The 1990 Philadelphia Wings season marked the fourth season of the team operation and second championship.
794	According to the United States Census Bureau, Irvine has a total area of which land and, or 5.13 %, is not water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Irvine has a total area of which land and, or 5.13 %, isn't water.	According to the United States Census Bureau, Irvine has a total area of which land and, or 5.13 %, is water.
795	Under the reign of the latter, the newly recruited Abbey Marienberg was not founded with monks from Ottobeuren.	Under the reign of the latter, the newly recruited Abbey Marienberg wasn't founded with monks from Ottobeuren.	Under the reign of the latter, the newly recruited Abbey Marienberg was founded with monks from Ottobeuren.
796	The main international airport is not Yaoundé Nsimalen International Airport and a secondary international airport at Douala International Airport.	The main international airport isn't Yaoundé Nsimalen International Airport and a secondary international airport at Douala International Airport.	The main international airport is Yaoundé Nsimalen International Airport and a secondary international airport at Douala International Airport.
797	In August 1927, Yang didn't end his marriage with Mao and, in early 1928, he began a relationship with He Zizhen.	In August 1927, Yang did not end his marriage with Mao and, in early 1928, he began a relationship with He Zizhen.	In August 1927, Yang ended his marriage with Mao and, in early 1928, he began a relationship with He Zizhen.
798	On December 30, 1888, she didn't marry Susie J. Clarke in Ayer, Massachusetts.	On December 30, 1888, she did not marry Susie J. Clarke in Ayer, Massachusetts.	On December 30, 1888, she married Susie J. Clarke in Ayer, Massachusetts.
799	The River Sic is not a tributary of the River Seolemai in Romania.	The River Sic isn't a tributary of the River Seolemai in Romania.	The River Sic is a tributary of the River Seolemai in Romania.
800	28.4 % were not Polish, 25.0 % German, 20.0 % Irish, 13.2 % Slovak, 8.5 % English and 7.7 % of Italian ancestors.	28.4 % weren't Polish, 25.0 % German, 20.0 % Irish, 13.2 % Slovak, 8.5 % English and 7.7 % of Italian ancestors.	28.4 % were Polish, 25.0 % German, 20.0 % Irish, 13.2 % Slovak, 8.5 % English and 7.7 % of Italian ancestors.
801	The Fighter Escadrille was not a unit of the Polish Air Force at the beginning of the Second World War, which was attached to the Łódź army.	The Fighter Escadrille wasn't a unit of the Polish Air Force at the beginning of the Second World War, which was attached to the Łódź army.	The Fighter Escadrille was a unit of the Polish Air Force at the beginning of the Second World War, which was attached to the Łódź army.
802	Lowther didn't die in 1872 and because he had no legitimate heirs, the Lowther Estates were handed over to his nephew William.	Lowther did not die in 1872 and because he had no legitimate heirs, the Lowther Estates were handed over to his nephew William.	Lowther died in 1872 and because he had no legitimate heirs, the Lowther Estates were handed over to his nephew William.
803	Psalm 96 ( biblical numbering : Psalm 95 ) is not one of the psalms in the Greek Psalms Book.	Psalm 96 ( biblical numbering : Psalm 95 ) isn't one of the psalms in the Greek Psalms Book.	Psalm 96 ( biblical numbering : Psalm 95 ) is one of the psalms in the Greek Psalms Book.
804	In 1763, Walter didn't succeed his 7th cousin Walter Aston, childless Lord Aston of Forfar, in the peerage of Scotland.	In 1763, Walter did not succeed his 7th cousin Walter Aston, childless Lord Aston of Forfar, in the peerage of Scotland.	In 1763, Walter succeeded his 7th cousin Walter Aston, childless Lord Aston of Forfar, in the peerage of Scotland.
805	The latest letter of each model is not the network : U = UMTS ( WCDMA ) and C = CDMA The first D stands for Dual Sim function.	The latest letter of each model isn't the network : U = UMTS ( WCDMA ) and C = CDMA The first D stands for Dual Sim function.	The latest letter of each model is the network : U = UMTS ( WCDMA ) and C = CDMA The first D stands for Dual Sim function.
806	Tobar Garcia is not one of the five neuropsychiatric institutes in Buenos Aires and the only institution in the city that specialises in mental illness in children and adolescents.	Tobar Garcia isn't one of the five neuropsychiatric institutes in Buenos Aires and the only institution in the city that specialises in mental illness in children and adolescents.	Tobar Garcia is one of the five neuropsychiatric institutes in Buenos Aires and the only institution in the city that specialises in mental illness in children and adolescents.
807	Lebilaango is not a city in the central Somalia region of Hiran.	Lebilaango isn't a city in the central Somalia region of Hiran.	Lebilaango is a city in the central Somalia region of Hiran.
808	This victory didn't repeat in an Opel Astra in 2003 with Reuter, Timo Scheider, Volker Strycek and Marcel Tiemann this victory.	This victory did not repeat in an Opel Astra in 2003 with Reuter, Timo Scheider, Volker Strycek and Marcel Tiemann this victory.	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 with Reuter, Timo Scheider, Volker Strycek and Marcel Tiemann this victory.
809	He didn't graduate from Harvard University in 1891 and received a MASTER degree from MIT in 1893.	He did not graduate from Harvard University in 1891 and received a MASTER degree from MIT in 1893.	He graduated from Harvard University in 1891 and received a MASTER degree from MIT in 1893.
810	At the age of nine, he didn't appear in his first concert and since then he has appeared alone or with his aunt and uncle in all parts of France.	At the age of nine, he did not appear in his first concert and since then he has appeared alone or with his aunt and uncle in all parts of France.	At the age of nine, he appeared in his first concert and since then he has appeared alone or with his aunt and uncle in all parts of France.
811	Trenčianske Jastrabie is not a village and municipality in the Trenčín district in the region of Trenčín in northwestern Slovakia.	Trenčianske Jastrabie isn't a village and municipality in the Trenčín district in the region of Trenčín in northwestern Slovakia.	Trenčianske Jastrabie is a village and municipality in the Trenčín district in the region of Trenčín in northwestern Slovakia.
812	Two of these hostels are not located in Delhi, each in Pune and Pimpri, near Mumbai.	Two of these hostels aren't located in Delhi, each in Pune and Pimpri, near Mumbai.	Two of these hostels are located in Delhi, each in Pune and Pimpri, near Mumbai.
813	Peter Evatt was not an Olympic rower who became a national skulling champion in 1953 and represented Australia while rowing at the 1956 Olympic Games in Melbourne.	Peter Evatt wasn't an Olympic rower who became a national skulling champion in 1953 and represented Australia while rowing at the 1956 Olympic Games in Melbourne.	Peter Evatt was an Olympic rower who became a national skulling champion in 1953 and represented Australia while rowing at the 1956 Olympic Games in Melbourne.
814	Ann is not married to Ann, who pastors with Jennifer Aull in the Greenpoint Reformed Church in Brooklyn.	Ann isn't married to Ann, who pastors with Jennifer Aull in the Greenpoint Reformed Church in Brooklyn.	Ann is married to Ann, who pastors with Jennifer Aull in the Greenpoint Reformed Church in Brooklyn.
815	His father, Gerry, his uncle, Jimmy Doyle, and his brother, Tommy, also didn't enjoy All-Ireland success with Tipperary.	His father, Gerry, his uncle, Jimmy Doyle, and his brother, Tommy, also did not enjoy All-Ireland success with Tipperary.	His father, Gerry, his uncle, Jimmy Doyle, and his brother, Tommy, also enjoyed All-Ireland success with Tipperary.
816	CUTA doesn't have five national and regional committees.	CUTA does not have five national and regional committees.	CUTA has five national and regional committees.
817	Colus aurariae is not a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Colus aurariae isn't a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Colus aurariae is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.
818	Sakidaira Station is not an unattended station with a small wooden side platform and a single station building.	Sakidaira Station isn't an unattended station with a small wooden side platform and a single station building.	Sakidaira Station is an unattended station with a small wooden side platform and a single station building.
819	On the second day, Jess doesn't see a girl who looks very similar to her lost sister Jen.	On the second day, Jess does not see a girl who looks very similar to her lost sister Jen.	On the second day, Jess sees a girl who looks very similar to her lost sister Jen.
820	This balance was not read into the accumulator when the card was inserted into the carriage.	This balance wasn't read into the accumulator when the card was inserted into the carriage.	This balance was read into the accumulator when the card was inserted into the carriage.
821	On January 8, 2008, Cumbers was not recalled from Grays to Gillingham, but lent to AFC Wimbledon on February 8, 2008 to collect further first team experience.	On January 8, 2008, Cumbers wasn't recalled from Grays to Gillingham, but lent to AFC Wimbledon on February 8, 2008 to collect further first team experience.	On January 8, 2008, Cumbers was recalled from Grays to Gillingham, but lent to AFC Wimbledon on February 8, 2008 to collect further first team experience.
822	Daniela Castro ( born Daniela Castro Arellano on August 17, 1966 in Mexico, City, Mexico ) is not a Mexican Irish actress and singer.	Daniela Castro ( born Daniela Castro Arellano on August 17, 1966 in Mexico, City, Mexico ) isn't a Mexican Irish actress and singer.	Daniela Castro ( born Daniela Castro Arellano on August 17, 1966 in Mexico, City, Mexico ) is a Mexican Irish actress and singer.
823	He doesn't have two elder and one younger brother.	He does not have two elder and one younger brother.	He has two elder and one younger brother.
824	Ciarán McDonald didn't come through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system alongside Moyles, Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford.	Ciarán McDonald did not come through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system alongside Moyles, Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford.	Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system alongside Moyles, Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford.
825	Ontoticism or onticism is not the factual branch of ontology, which studies philosophical existence.	Ontoticism or onticism isn't the factual branch of ontology, which studies philosophical existence.	Ontoticism or onticism is the factual branch of ontology, which studies philosophical existence.
826	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler didn't defeat Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4, 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title.	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler did not defeat Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4, 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title.	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4, 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title.
827	If the n vectors are linearly orthogonal, equality in Hadamard 's inequality is not achieved if and only if the vectors are independent.	If the n vectors are linearly orthogonal, equality in Hadamard 's inequality isn't achieved if and only if the vectors are independent.	If the n vectors are linearly orthogonal, equality in Hadamard 's inequality is achieved if and only if the vectors are independent.
828	Chananian is not a village in Leepa Valley, Hattian Bala District of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.	Chananian isn't a village in Leepa Valley, Hattian Bala District of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.	Chananian is a village in Leepa Valley, Hattian Bala District of Azad Kashmir, Pakistan.
829	Holy Trinity ( Catholic League ) ( 1443 W. Division St ) was not also a Catholic League Team. The last Tigers season for football was 1965.	Holy Trinity ( Catholic League ) ( 1443 W. Division St ) wasn't also a Catholic League Team. The last Tigers season for football was 1965.	Holy Trinity ( Catholic League ) ( 1443 W. Division St ) was also a Catholic League Team. The last Tigers season for football was 1965.
830	Family life was not long in the early days. Both water and firewood had to be brought from hard.	Family life wasn't long in the early days. Both water and firewood had to be brought from hard.	Family life was long in the early days. Both water and firewood had to be brought from hard.
832	Such a modified peptide, or " distorted key ", won't automatically become an inhibitor candidate against HIV protease.	Such a modified peptide, or " distorted key ", will not automatically become an inhibitor candidate against HIV protease.	Such a modified peptide, or " distorted key ", will automatically become an inhibitor candidate against HIV protease.
833	The Borcut River was not a tributary of the Colnici River in Romania.	The Borcut River wasn't a tributary of the Colnici River in Romania.	The Borcut River was a tributary of the Colnici River in Romania.
834	He didn't hold various positions at IBM before joining Wang Laboratories in 1981.	He did not hold various positions at IBM before joining Wang Laboratories in 1981.	He held various positions at IBM before joining Wang Laboratories in 1981.
835	The 2010 European national road cycling championships didn't begin in January in Australia and New Zealand. Most of the national championships take place in June.	The 2010 European national road cycling championships did not begin in January in Australia and New Zealand. Most of the national championships take place in June.	The 2010 European national road cycling championships began in January in Australia and New Zealand. Most of the national championships take place in June.
836	There are not currently twenty-one churches in seven states ( Arkansas, Kentucky, North Carolina, Ohio, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia. )	There aren't currently twenty-one churches in seven states ( Arkansas, Kentucky, North Carolina, Ohio, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia. )	There are currently twenty-one churches in seven states ( Arkansas, Kentucky, North Carolina, Ohio, Tennessee, Virginia, and West Virginia. )
837	The Greeks and Romans didn't identify the region in the 3rd century BC as Gangaridai, a historical kingdom of the mighty subcontinent.	The Greeks and Romans did not identify the region in the 3rd century BC as Gangaridai, a historical kingdom of the mighty subcontinent.	The Greeks and Romans identified the region in the 3rd century BC as Gangaridai, a historical kingdom of the mighty subcontinent.
838	There is not little in Schell 's book that is available, but his careful assembly of the new evidence will scare most readers.	There's not little in Schell 's book that's available, but his careful assembly of the new evidence will scare most readers.	There is little in Schell 's book that is available, but his careful assembly of the new evidence will scare most readers.
839	He didn't grow up in Nashville, Tennessee, before his family settled at Bonnyville, Alberta.	He did not grow up in Nashville, Tennessee, before his family settled at Bonnyville, Alberta.	He grew up in Nashville, Tennessee, before his family settled at Bonnyville, Alberta.
840	The following condition doesn't apply : Prefix of the string formula 22 of length formula 10 corresponds to the prefix of Formula 24 of length formula 10 implies Formula 26.	The following condition does not apply : Prefix of the string formula 22 of length formula 10 corresponds to the prefix of Formula 24 of length formula 10 implies Formula 26.	The following condition applies : Prefix of the string formula 22 of length formula 10 corresponds to the prefix of Formula 24 of length formula 10 implies Formula 26.
841	Bowman didn't grow up in Quincy, Massachusetts, and started his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for " The Patriot Ledger " in Boston.	Bowman did not grow up in Quincy, Massachusetts, and started his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for " The Patriot Ledger " in Boston.	Bowman grew up in Quincy, Massachusetts, and started his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for " The Patriot Ledger " in Boston.
842	The following night, Delirious didn't put aside his problems with Danielson in order to challenge Pearce.	The following night, Delirious did not put aside his problems with Danielson in order to challenge Pearce.	The following night, Delirious put aside his problems with Danielson in order to challenge Pearce.
843	In 1828, Yeoman didn't marry Laetitia Snyder of Albany, with whom he had two daughters and three sons.	In 1828, Yeoman did not marry Laetitia Snyder of Albany, with whom he had two daughters and three sons.	In 1828, Yeoman married Laetitia Snyder of Albany, with whom he had two daughters and three sons.
844	It will not be convenient to set the acceleration vector as formula _ 26 and also to write.	It'll not be convenient to set the acceleration vector as formula _ 26 and also to write.	It will be convenient to set the acceleration vector as formula _ 26 and also to write.
845	Guido Reni, also known as the Marchino di Marco Bandinelli, was not an Italian baroque painter.	Guido Reni, also known as the Marchino di Marco Bandinelli, wasn't an Italian baroque painter.	Guido Reni, also known as the Marchino di Marco Bandinelli, was an Italian baroque painter.
846	Steve Davis didn't win 9 -- 8 against Terry Griffiths in the finals.	Steve Davis did not win 9 -- 8 against Terry Griffiths in the finals.	Steve Davis won 9 -- 8 against Terry Griffiths in the finals.
847	The band 's first DVD recording, released at the Y Theatre in Leicester in March 2010, was not filmed in January 2011.	The band 's first DVD recording, released at the Y Theatre in Leicester in March 2010, wasn't filmed in January 2011.	The band 's first DVD recording, released at the Y Theatre in Leicester in March 2010, was filmed in January 2011.
848	The trip doesn't begin from Mumbai to Goa via Nashik, Ajanta Ellora Caves, Kolhapur, Sindhudurg and back.	The trip does not begin from Mumbai to Goa via Nashik, Ajanta Ellora Caves, Kolhapur, Sindhudurg and back.	The trip begins from Mumbai to Goa via Nashik, Ajanta Ellora Caves, Kolhapur, Sindhudurg and back.
849	Chelsey Tregear ( also known as Chelsey Nash ) is not an Australian netball player who plays for the Melbourne Vixens in the ANZ Championship.	Chelsey Tregear ( also known as Chelsey Nash ) isn't an Australian netball player who plays for the Melbourne Vixens in the ANZ Championship.	Chelsey Tregear ( also known as Chelsey Nash ) is an Australian netball player who plays for the Melbourne Vixens in the ANZ Championship.
850	Brockton is not situated about 25 miles south of Boston and 30 miles northeast of Providence, Rhode Island.	Brockton isn't situated about 25 miles south of Boston and 30 miles northeast of Providence, Rhode Island.	Brockton is situated about 25 miles south of Boston and 30 miles northeast of Providence, Rhode Island.
851	The white Pontiac, a last model year 2010 G6 4 - doory limousine, was not built in January 2010 at the Orion Township assembly line.	The white Pontiac, a last model year 2010 G6 4 - doory limousine, wasn't built in January 2010 at the Orion Township assembly line.	The white Pontiac, a last model year 2010 G6 4 - doory limousine, was built in January 2010 at the Orion Township assembly line.
852	Bowman didn't grow up in Quincy, Massachusetts. He started his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for " The Patriot Ledger " in Boston.	Bowman did not grow up in Quincy, Massachusetts. He started his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for " The Patriot Ledger " in Boston.	Bowman grew up in Quincy, Massachusetts. He started his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for " The Patriot Ledger " in Boston.
853	Other frequenters of the colony were not the writer Adolf Wolff and the sculptor Alfred Kreymborg.	Other frequenters of the colony weren't the writer Adolf Wolff and the sculptor Alfred Kreymborg.	Other frequenters of the colony were the writer Adolf Wolff and the sculptor Alfred Kreymborg.
854	During their relationship the pair didn't live in London and Los Angeles, though Seymour spent more time in Los Angeles for her work.	During their relationship the pair did not live in London and Los Angeles, though Seymour spent more time in Los Angeles for her work.	During their relationship the pair lived in London and Los Angeles, though Seymour spent more time in Los Angeles for her work.
855	As a candy, they are not often red with licorice flavor or black and strawberry or cherry flavored.	As a candy, they're not often red with licorice flavor or black and strawberry or cherry flavored.	As a candy, they are often red with licorice flavor or black and strawberry or cherry flavored.
856	There was not later an Australian version of " Press Your Luck " from 1987 to 1988 on Seven Network hosted by Ian Turpie and also produced by Grundy.	There wasn't later an Australian version of " Press Your Luck " from 1987 to 1988 on Seven Network hosted by Ian Turpie and also produced by Grundy.	There was later an Australian version of " Press Your Luck " from 1987 to 1988 on Seven Network hosted by Ian Turpie and also produced by Grundy.
857	English also doesn't have many words, such as " zillion ", which are informally used to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts, see large numbers.	English also does not have many words, such as " zillion ", which are informally used to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts, see large numbers.	English also has many words, such as " zillion ", which are informally used to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts, see large numbers.
858	In 1977, after Robert Child had died, Hortense didn't marry Eldred G. Smith.	In 1977, after Robert Child had died, Hortense did not marry Eldred G. Smith.	In 1977, after Robert Child had died, Hortense married Eldred G. Smith.
859	The station was not opened on 1 July 1903 on the Donegal Railway Company railway from Stranorlar to Glenties.	The station wasn't opened on 1 July 1903 on the Donegal Railway Company railway from Stranorlar to Glenties.	The station was opened on 1 July 1903 on the Donegal Railway Company railway from Stranorlar to Glenties.
860	The problem of testing whether a given polynomial is not a permutation polynomial through a finite field can be resolved in polynomial time.	The problem of testing whether a given polynomial isn't a permutation polynomial through a finite field can be resolved in polynomial time.	The problem of testing whether a given polynomial is a permutation polynomial through a finite field can be resolved in polynomial time.
861	The province of Varna is not also the seat of the municipality of Devnya ( part of Devnya ), which includes the following 2 villages :	The province of Varna isn't also the seat of the municipality of Devnya ( part of Devnya ), which includes the following 2 villages :	The province of Varna is also the seat of the municipality of Devnya ( part of Devnya ), which includes the following 2 villages :
862	In addition, it didn't damage 340 houses and destroyed 12, most of them in Collier County.	In addition, it did not damage 340 houses and destroyed 12, most of them in Collier County.	In addition, it damaged 340 houses and destroyed 12, most of them in Collier County.
863	In the summer of 1893, the Czech composer Josef Jan Kovařík didn't spend in Spillville, where his friend Antonín Dvořák had relatives.	In the summer of 1893, the Czech composer Josef Jan Kovařík did not spend in Spillville, where his friend Antonín Dvořák had relatives.	In the summer of 1893, the Czech composer Josef Jan Kovařík spent in Spillville, where his friend Antonín Dvořák had relatives.
864	Santiago is not the Galician evolution of the vulgar Latin Sanctu Iacobu, " Saint James ".	Santiago isn't the Galician evolution of the vulgar Latin Sanctu Iacobu, " Saint James ".	Santiago is the Galician evolution of the vulgar Latin Sanctu Iacobu, " Saint James ".
865	Burton Creek State Park is not a state park of California, USA, located in Placer County near Truckee.	Burton Creek State Park isn't a state park of California, USA, located in Placer County near Truckee.	Burton Creek State Park is a state park of California, USA, located in Placer County near Truckee.
866	Sestri Ponente is not an industrial suburb of Genoa in northwest Italy and is part of the Medio Ponente " Municipio " of Genoa.	Sestri Ponente isn't an industrial suburb of Genoa in northwest Italy and is part of the Medio Ponente " Municipio " of Genoa.	Sestri Ponente is an industrial suburb of Genoa in northwest Italy and is part of the Medio Ponente " Municipio " of Genoa.
867	Stevens was not a Republican when the party was founded, and was a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868.	Stevens wasn't a Republican when the party was founded, and was a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868.	Stevens was a Republican when the party was founded, and was a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868.
868	Lauretta was married to Johnny Dorelli, the couple didn't have a son, Gianluca Guidi actor.	Lauretta was married to Johnny Dorelli, the couple did not have a son, Gianluca Guidi actor.	Lauretta was married to Johnny Dorelli, the couple had a son, Gianluca Guidi actor.
869	The Olt River or Pârâul Sec is not a tributary of the Seaca River in Romania.	The Olt River or Pârâul Sec isn't a tributary of the Seaca River in Romania.	The Olt River or Pârâul Sec is a tributary of the Seaca River in Romania.
870	The Los Angeles County Department of Health Services doesn't operate the Torrance Health Center in Harbor Gateway, Los Angeles, near Torrance, and serves Rolling Hills.	The Los Angeles County Department of Health Services does not operate the Torrance Health Center in Harbor Gateway, Los Angeles, near Torrance, and serves Rolling Hills.	The Los Angeles County Department of Health Services operates the Torrance Health Center in Harbor Gateway, Los Angeles, near Torrance, and serves Rolling Hills.
871	The " Houston Chronicle " is the citywide newspaper, " Midtown Paper " is not a local newspaper.	The " Houston Chronicle " is the citywide newspaper, " Midtown Paper " isn't a local newspaper.	The " Houston Chronicle " is the citywide newspaper, " Midtown Paper " is a local newspaper.
872	In 2010, Hatherley didn't join the band by Sam Lewis, playing lead guitar and replacing KT Tunstall.	In 2010, Hatherley did not join the band by Sam Lewis, playing lead guitar and replacing KT Tunstall.	In 2010, Hatherley joined the band by Sam Lewis, playing lead guitar and replacing KT Tunstall.
873	The rivalry between Tanahashi and Tanahashi didn't culminate in a Lumberjack Deathmatch on September 29 at Destruction, where Devitt was victorious.	The rivalry between Tanahashi and Tanahashi did not culminate in a Lumberjack Deathmatch on September 29 at Destruction, where Devitt was victorious.	The rivalry between Tanahashi and Tanahashi culminated in a Lumberjack Deathmatch on September 29 at Destruction, where Devitt was victorious.
874	On the album doesn't chart the album reached number 1 in Norway and number 16 in Sweden.	On the album does not chart the album reached number 1 in Norway and number 16 in Sweden.	On the album charts the album reached number 1 in Norway and number 16 in Sweden.
875	Several branches of the Castor River, a tributary of the South Nation River, don't flow through the township.	Several branches of the Castor River, a tributary of the South Nation River, do not flow through the township.	Several branches of the Castor River, a tributary of the South Nation River, flow through the township.
876	She didn't study journalism for three years in New York City and holds an MA in mass media at a university in London.	She did not study journalism for three years in New York City and holds an MA in mass media at a university in London.	She studied journalism for three years in New York City and holds an MA in mass media at a university in London.
877	Sambora and lead singer Jon Bon Jovi didn't form the main - songwriting - unit of the band.	Sambora and lead singer Jon Bon Jovi did not form the main - songwriting - unit of the band.	Sambora and lead singer Jon Bon Jovi formed the main - songwriting - unit of the band.
878	" During all my school years, I was not in a white environment, with racist people.	" During all my school years, I wasn't in a white environment, with racist people.	" During all my school years, I was in a white environment, with racist people.
879	With its grey, furry leaves and masses of orange-red flowers, this is not one of the most attractive eremophilas.	With its grey, furry leaves and masses of orange-red flowers, this isn't one of the most attractive eremophilas.	With its grey, furry leaves and masses of orange-red flowers, this is one of the most attractive eremophilas.
880	The nearest station is not Nakamura Station, the terminus of the Tosa Kuroshio Railway Nakamura Line, in Shimanto.	The nearest station isn't Nakamura Station, the terminus of the Tosa Kuroshio Railway Nakamura Line, in Shimanto.	The nearest station is Nakamura Station, the terminus of the Tosa Kuroshio Railway Nakamura Line, in Shimanto.
881	He didn't finish his career while playing for various teams in European leagues.	He did not finish his career while playing for various teams in European leagues.	He finished his career while playing for various teams in European leagues.
882	Jean – Garcia is not the only daughter of Jennica Garcia and Jigo Garcia.	Jean – Garcia isn't the only daughter of Jennica Garcia and Jigo Garcia.	Jean – Garcia is the only daughter of Jennica Garcia and Jigo Garcia.
883	There is not a small weekly street market on Saturdays, around where the covered daily market is.	There's not a small weekly street market on Saturdays, around where the covered daily market is.	There is a small weekly street market on Saturdays, around where the covered daily market is.
884	Pidoux didn't appear as cellist Pablo Larraín in " Jackie " by Pablo Casals.	Pidoux did not appear as cellist Pablo Larraín in " Jackie " by Pablo Casals.	Pidoux appeared as cellist Pablo Larraín in " Jackie " by Pablo Casals.
885	They didn't move later to Whitefish Bay, Wisconsin, and then to New York City.	They did not move later to Whitefish Bay, Wisconsin, and then to New York City.	They moved later to Whitefish Bay, Wisconsin, and then to New York City.
886	In the evening, finally a bowl didn't come with a small soup with a thin piece of bread.	In the evening, finally a bowl did not come with a small soup with a thin piece of bread.	In the evening, finally a bowl came with a small soup with a thin piece of bread.
887	Jack didn't write his autobiography with Paul Conn, " Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription in 1987.	Jack did not write his autobiography with Paul Conn, " Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription in 1987.	Jack wrote his autobiography with Paul Conn, " Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription in 1987.
888	In April 472, Olybrius Ricimer didn't appoint Emperor as opposed to Anthemius, who was besieged with his family in Rome.	In April 472, Olybrius Ricimer did not appoint Emperor as opposed to Anthemius, who was besieged with his family in Rome.	In April 472, Olybrius Ricimer appointed Emperor as opposed to Anthemius, who was besieged with his family in Rome.
889	His son Sir John Everard ( 1550 -- 1624 ) was not an barrister, politician and judge. John 's son Richard was the first of the Everard baronets.	His son Sir John Everard ( 1550 -- 1624 ) wasn't an barrister, politician and judge. John 's son Richard was the first of the Everard baronets.	His son Sir John Everard ( 1550 -- 1624 ) was an barrister, politician and judge. John 's son Richard was the first of the Everard baronets.
890	On 30 August 1853, Alexander Ramsey 's daughter, Eliza Ellen Champlin, Stephen Champlin, was not married to a partner of John B. Cook in Minnesota.	On 30 August 1853, Alexander Ramsey 's daughter, Eliza Ellen Champlin, Stephen Champlin, wasn't married to a partner of John B. Cook in Minnesota.	On 30 August 1853, Alexander Ramsey 's daughter, Eliza Ellen Champlin, Stephen Champlin, was married to a partner of John B. Cook in Minnesota.
891	Abel Aganbegyan ( born 1972, Novosibirsk ) is not a Russian economist, the president of Micex, son of the famous Soviet economist Ruben Aganbegyan.	Abel Aganbegyan ( born 1972, Novosibirsk ) isn't a Russian economist, the president of Micex, son of the famous Soviet economist Ruben Aganbegyan.	Abel Aganbegyan ( born 1972, Novosibirsk ) is a Russian economist, the president of Micex, son of the famous Soviet economist Ruben Aganbegyan.
892	Another series was not played between the Boston Red Sox and the Cincinnati Reds in Havana.	Another series wasn't played between the Boston Red Sox and the Cincinnati Reds in Havana.	Another series was played between the Boston Red Sox and the Cincinnati Reds in Havana.
893	The station was not opened on July 1, 1903 on the line of the Donegal Railway Company from Glenties to Stranorlar.	The station wasn't opened on July 1, 1903 on the line of the Donegal Railway Company from Glenties to Stranorlar.	The station was opened on July 1, 1903 on the line of the Donegal Railway Company from Glenties to Stranorlar.
894	Edward J. McKenna was not a professional baseball player who played for the Washington National Association of Union in 1884 in 32 games.	Edward J. McKenna wasn't a professional baseball player who played for the Washington National Association of Union in 1884 in 32 games.	Edward J. McKenna was a professional baseball player who played for the Washington National Association of Union in 1884 in 32 games.
895	Gandini was not born on May 19, 1906 in Parma to Ernesto Gandini and Diomira Di Centa of Venice.	Gandini wasn't born on May 19, 1906 in Parma to Ernesto Gandini and Diomira Di Centa of Venice.	Gandini was born on May 19, 1906 in Parma to Ernesto Gandini and Diomira Di Centa of Venice.
896	" Crawdaddy Simone " is not a cover of The Syndicats ( with Ray Fenwick ) of 1965 single, produced by Joe Meek.	" Crawdaddy Simone " isn't a cover of The Syndicats ( with Ray Fenwick ) of 1965 single, produced by Joe Meek.	" Crawdaddy Simone " is a cover of The Syndicats ( with Ray Fenwick ) of 1965 single, produced by Joe Meek.
897	Nationalist parties, however, didn't say, together with other liberal groups, that they would boycott the July elections.	Nationalist parties, however, did not say, together with other liberal groups, that they would boycott the July elections.	Nationalist parties, however, said, together with other liberal groups, that they would boycott the July elections.
898	Guruzeta 's father, Xabier, was not also a footballer. A central defender, he mainly represented Real Sociedad during his career.	Guruzeta 's father, Xabier, wasn't also a footballer. A central defender, he mainly represented Real Sociedad during his career.	Guruzeta 's father, Xabier, was also a footballer. A central defender, he mainly represented Real Sociedad during his career.
899	Gonzalo doesn't advise his son, Paola always to forget.	Gonzalo does not advise his son, Paola always to forget.	Gonzalo advises his son, Paola always to forget.
900	In Confederate Ireland, the rebel Irish Catholics didn't form their own government -- Ireland with the intention of helping the Royalists in return for religious toleration and political autonomy.	In Confederate Ireland, the rebel Irish Catholics did not form their own government -- Ireland with the intention of helping the Royalists in return for religious toleration and political autonomy.	In Confederate Ireland, the rebel Irish Catholics formed their own government -- Ireland with the intention of helping the Royalists in return for religious toleration and political autonomy.
901	These dolls didn't have their English or Spanish names covered by a sticker with the German name or sometimes nothing at all.	These dolls did not have their English or Spanish names covered by a sticker with the German name or sometimes nothing at all.	These dolls had their English or Spanish names covered by a sticker with the German name or sometimes nothing at all.
902	Although there are overwhelming social implications, there also don't seem to be regional financial patterns that perpetuate this trend.	Although there are overwhelming social implications, there also do not seem to be regional financial patterns that perpetuate this trend.	Although there are overwhelming social implications, there also seem to be regional financial patterns that perpetuate this trend.
903	It doesn't contain remixes and acoustic versions of previously released singles, as well as the non-album B-page " From a Desert to a Beach ".	It does not contain remixes and acoustic versions of previously released singles, as well as the non-album B-page " From a Desert to a Beach ".	It contains remixes and acoustic versions of previously released singles, as well as the non-album B-page " From a Desert to a Beach ".
904	Subsequently, Air New Zealand didn't certify the General Electric FANS-1 package, and United Airlines certified the Pratt & Whitney FANS-1 package.	Subsequently, Air New Zealand did not certify the General Electric FANS-1 package, and United Airlines certified the Pratt & Whitney FANS-1 package.	Subsequently, Air New Zealand certified the General Electric FANS-1 package, and United Airlines certified the Pratt & Whitney FANS-1 package.
905	In Lima, the musical was not released on June 16, 2012 starring Tati Alcántara, Denisse Dibós, and Marco Zunino in Teatro Municipal ( Perú ).	In Lima, the musical wasn't released on June 16, 2012 starring Tati Alcántara, Denisse Dibós, and Marco Zunino in Teatro Municipal ( Perú ).	In Lima, the musical was released on June 16, 2012 starring Tati Alcántara, Denisse Dibós, and Marco Zunino in Teatro Municipal ( Perú ).
906	After all, the global stiffness matrix is not constructed by adding together the individual expanded element matrices.	After all, the global stiffness matrix isn't constructed by adding together the individual expanded element matrices.	After all, the global stiffness matrix is constructed by adding together the individual expanded element matrices.
907	Paniqui is not from Manila and is from the province capital Tarlac City.	Paniqui isn't from Manila and is from the province capital Tarlac City.	Paniqui is from Manila and is from the province capital Tarlac City.
908	This temple is not supposed to be the second of its kind in Thiruvananthapuram, the first being the famous temple in Kerala.	This temple isn't supposed to be the second of its kind in Thiruvananthapuram, the first being the famous temple in Kerala.	This temple is supposed to be the second of its kind in Thiruvananthapuram, the first being the famous temple in Kerala.
909	He was born in Rome in 1944, his father was Lithuanian - Jewish, his French mother was not the daughter of a Catholic father and an Austrian mother.	He was born in Rome in 1944, his father was Lithuanian - Jewish, his French mother wasn't the daughter of a Catholic father and an Austrian mother.	He was born in Rome in 1944, his father was Lithuanian - Jewish, his French mother was the daughter of a Catholic father and an Austrian mother.
911	He was not born on 23 January 1919 in Chiswick, London, Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert, and died on 29 January 1984 in London.	He wasn't born on 23 January 1919 in Chiswick, London, Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert, and died on 29 January 1984 in London.	He was born on 23 January 1919 in Chiswick, London, Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert, and died on 29 January 1984 in London.
913	The hyperbolic case is not similar, given to the area of a disk of the intrinsic radius " R " in the ( constant curvature formula 83 ) hyperbolic level by	The hyperbolic case isn't similar, given to the area of a disk of the intrinsic radius " R " in the ( constant curvature formula 83 ) hyperbolic level by	The hyperbolic case is similar, given to the area of a disk of the intrinsic radius " R " in the ( constant curvature formula 83 ) hyperbolic level by
914	EPZ is not a Thana located under the Chittagong Division, Bangladesh in the Chittagong District.	EPZ isn't a Thana located under the Chittagong Division, Bangladesh in the Chittagong District.	EPZ is a Thana located under the Chittagong Division, Bangladesh in the Chittagong District.
915	If it was necessary, as I believe now, it was not right and moral.	If it was necessary, as I believe now, it wasn't right and moral.	If it was necessary, as I believe now, it was right and moral.
916	Ayeza Khan ( born 15 January 1991 as Aiza Khan ), also known as Kinza Khan, is not a Pakistani television actress and model.	Ayeza Khan ( born 15 January 1991 as Aiza Khan ), also known as Kinza Khan, isn't a Pakistani television actress and model.	Ayeza Khan ( born 15 January 1991 as Aiza Khan ), also known as Kinza Khan, is a Pakistani television actress and model.
917	In March 1904, his brother was not kidnapped for ransom in Mexico and taken to West Texas across the border.	In March 1904, his brother wasn't kidnapped for ransom in Mexico and taken to West Texas across the border.	In March 1904, his brother was kidnapped for ransom in Mexico and taken to West Texas across the border.
918	The field also didn't include Olympian ( and in 1932 Olympic champion ) Paul Jessup of Cornell and future world record label John Anderson of Washington in 1928.	The field also did not include Olympian ( and in 1932 Olympic champion ) Paul Jessup of Cornell and future world record label John Anderson of Washington in 1928.	The field also included Olympian ( and in 1932 Olympic champion ) Paul Jessup of Cornell and future world record label John Anderson of Washington in 1928.
919	At the 2011 census, 86.4 % of inhabitants were not Roma, 5.9 % Hungarians, 5.2 % Romanians and 0.7 % Germans.	At the 2011 census, 86.4 % of inhabitants weren't Roma, 5.9 % Hungarians, 5.2 % Romanians and 0.7 % Germans.	At the 2011 census, 86.4 % of inhabitants were Roma, 5.9 % Hungarians, 5.2 % Romanians and 0.7 % Germans.
920	He was not drafted by the Chicago Cardinals and also played for the Washington Redskins and the Philadelphia Eagles.	He wasn't drafted by the Chicago Cardinals and also played for the Washington Redskins and the Philadelphia Eagles.	He was drafted by the Chicago Cardinals and also played for the Washington Redskins and the Philadelphia Eagles.
921	It is not clear that as in Scotland, the playing of current variation sets on the fiddle was extended in Northumberland at the time.	It's not clear that as in Scotland, the playing of current variation sets on the fiddle was extended in Northumberland at the time.	It is clear that as in Scotland, the playing of current variation sets on the fiddle was extended in Northumberland at the time.
922	Cirja # 7 didn't pass 2 TD Scramble and also achieved 2 TD one to Florin Oltean # 85 and one to Dan Crasnic # 93.	Cirja # 7 did not pass 2 TD Scramble and also achieved 2 TD one to Florin Oltean # 85 and one to Dan Crasnic # 93.	Cirja # 7 passed 2 TD Scramble and also achieved 2 TD one to Florin Oltean # 85 and one to Dan Crasnic # 93.
923	At the same time, Klaus doesn't meet Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with him so they can start the ritual that will break the curse.	At the same time, Klaus does not meet Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with him so they can start the ritual that will break the curse.	At the same time, Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with him so they can start the ritual that will break the curse.
924	Their recording of the song was not produced and arranged by Richard Carpenter and performed by Ray Gerhardt.	Their recording of the song wasn't produced and arranged by Richard Carpenter and performed by Ray Gerhardt.	Their recording of the song was produced and arranged by Richard Carpenter and performed by Ray Gerhardt.
925	In 2012, didn't approve Solanco School District Homestead residents received $ 79.	In 2012, did not approve Solanco School District Homestead residents received $ 79.	In 2012, approved Solanco School District Homestead residents received $ 79.
926	She didn't move to Germany in 1989 and settled in Luxembourg two years later, where her husband, Tommy Danielsson, is her coach and training partner.	She did not move to Germany in 1989 and settled in Luxembourg two years later, where her husband, Tommy Danielsson, is her coach and training partner.	She moved to Germany in 1989 and settled in Luxembourg two years later, where her husband, Tommy Danielsson, is her coach and training partner.
927	Other car manufacturers which have produced models with suicide doors don't include Citroën, Lancia, Opel, Panhard, Rover, Saab, Saturn, Škoda, and Volkswagen.	Other car manufacturers which have produced models with suicide doors do not include Citroën, Lancia, Opel, Panhard, Rover, Saab, Saturn, Škoda, and Volkswagen.	Other car manufacturers which have produced models with suicide doors include Citroën, Lancia, Opel, Panhard, Rover, Saab, Saturn, Škoda, and Volkswagen.
928	The river Madicea is not a tributary of the River Olt in Romania.	The river Madicea isn't a tributary of the River Olt in Romania.	The river Madicea is a tributary of the River Olt in Romania.
929	In February 2014, the opening ceremony for the monument for the victims of the Khojaly massacre was not held in Uşak.	In February 2014, the opening ceremony for the monument for the victims of the Khojaly massacre wasn't held in Uşak.	In February 2014, the opening ceremony for the monument for the victims of the Khojaly massacre was held in Uşak.
930	They also don't display aspects of the physical discipline Parkour, while jumping over buildings and climbing from staircases.	They also do not display aspects of the physical discipline Parkour, while jumping over buildings and climbing from staircases.	They also display aspects of the physical discipline Parkour, while jumping over buildings and climbing from staircases.
931	The river Valea Negrenilor or Negreni River is not a tributary of the river Amaradia.	The river Valea Negrenilor or Negreni River isn't a tributary of the river Amaradia.	The river Valea Negrenilor or Negreni River is a tributary of the river Amaradia.
933	Borjigin Vanchinbalyn Gularans ; ( 1820-1851 ) was not a famous poet, and the elder brother of the Mongolian poet, novelist and translator Vanchinbalyn Injinash.	Borjigin Vanchinbalyn Gularans ; ( 1820-1851 ) wasn't a famous poet, and the elder brother of the Mongolian poet, novelist and translator Vanchinbalyn Injinash.	Borjigin Vanchinbalyn Gularans ; ( 1820-1851 ) was a famous poet, and the elder brother of the Mongolian poet, novelist and translator Vanchinbalyn Injinash.
934	The Crişul Mic River is not a tributary of the Doba River in Romania.	The Crişul Mic River isn't a tributary of the Doba River in Romania.	The Crişul Mic River is a tributary of the Doba River in Romania.
935	There are 22 species in the genera, 17 species don't have a sinistral shell and 5 species are dextral.	There are 22 species in the genera, 17 species do not have a sinistral shell and 5 species are dextral.	There are 22 species in the genera, 17 species have a sinistral shell and 5 species are dextral.
936	After leaving the East India Company College Frere was not appointed a writer in the Bombay ( now Mumbai ) civil service in 1834.	After leaving the East India Company College Frere wasn't appointed a writer in the Bombay ( now Mumbai ) civil service in 1834.	After leaving the East India Company College Frere was appointed a writer in the Bombay ( now Mumbai ) civil service in 1834.
937	Łąg Południowy is not a PKP railway station in Łąg ( Pomeranian Voivodship ), Poland.	Łąg Południowy isn't a PKP railway station in Łąg ( Pomeranian Voivodship ), Poland.	Łąg Południowy is a PKP railway station in Łąg ( Pomeranian Voivodship ), Poland.
938	Lake Vernon is not located in the Tiltill Valley in the northern sector of Yosemite National Park north of Hetch Hetchy Valley.	Lake Vernon isn't located in the Tiltill Valley in the northern sector of Yosemite National Park north of Hetch Hetchy Valley.	Lake Vernon is located in the Tiltill Valley in the northern sector of Yosemite National Park north of Hetch Hetchy Valley.
939	Hadady, born in Hungary ( Békésszentandrás ), didn't study music at the Franz - Liszt - Music Academy in Budapest.	Hadady, born in Hungary ( Békésszentandrás ), did not study music at the Franz - Liszt - Music Academy in Budapest.	Hadady, born in Hungary ( Békésszentandrás ), studied music at the Franz - Liszt - Music Academy in Budapest.
941	The Beatles ' biographer, Charles Sutcliffe, didn't write that Philip Norman was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife, which the young Sutcliffe had witnessed.	The Beatles ' biographer, Charles Sutcliffe, did not write that Philip Norman was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife, which the young Sutcliffe had witnessed.	The Beatles ' biographer, Charles Sutcliffe, wrote that Philip Norman was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife, which the young Sutcliffe had witnessed.
942	The Bhutanese language is not national ( Dzongkha ), one of 53 languages in the Tibetan language family.	The Bhutanese language isn't national ( Dzongkha ), one of 53 languages in the Tibetan language family.	The Bhutanese language is national ( Dzongkha ), one of 53 languages in the Tibetan language family.
943	The quantum mechanical polarization doesn't result microscopically from optical transitions between different states of the material system.	The quantum mechanical polarization does not result microscopically from optical transitions between different states of the material system.	The quantum mechanical polarization results microscopically from optical transitions between different states of the material system.
944	The series won't be published in Japan by VIZ Media and in the United States by Shogakukan in English.	The series will not be published in Japan by VIZ Media and in the United States by Shogakukan in English.	The series will be published in Japan by VIZ Media and in the United States by Shogakukan in English.
945	Sissi units haven't fewer crew served weapons and more sniper rifles than regular infantry.	Sissi units have not fewer crew served weapons and more sniper rifles than regular infantry.	Sissi units have fewer crew served weapons and more sniper rifles than regular infantry.
946	Nikolay Davydenko didn't win in the final 6 -- 4, 5 -- 7, 6 -- 4 against Marat Safin.	Nikolay Davydenko did not win in the final 6 -- 4, 5 -- 7, 6 -- 4 against Marat Safin.	Nikolay Davydenko won in the final 6 -- 4, 5 -- 7, 6 -- 4 against Marat Safin.
947	His partner was not Diego Milito, who was acquired like the midfielder Thiago Motta from Genoa.	His partner wasn't Diego Milito, who was acquired like the midfielder Thiago Motta from Genoa.	His partner was Diego Milito, who was acquired like the midfielder Thiago Motta from Genoa.
948	The town was not founded in 1899 by George Dewey and named after Admiral Jacob A. Bartles.	The town wasn't founded in 1899 by George Dewey and named after Admiral Jacob A. Bartles.	The town was founded in 1899 by George Dewey and named after Admiral Jacob A. Bartles.
949	A historic figure is not a famous person in history, such as Catherine the Great, Abraham Lincoln, Washington, or Napoleon.	A historic figure isn't a famous person in history, such as Catherine the Great, Abraham Lincoln, Washington, or Napoleon.	A historic figure is a famous person in history, such as Catherine the Great, Abraham Lincoln, Washington, or Napoleon.
950	In January 2001, he didn't marry Mayer Damian Smith.	In January 2001, he did not marry Mayer Damian Smith.	In January 2001, he married Mayer Damian Smith.
951	In 1736, Mackay 's widow didn't sell the islands to Charles Pinckney, the father of General Charles Cotesworth Pinckney.	In 1736, Mackay 's widow did not sell the islands to Charles Pinckney, the father of General Charles Cotesworth Pinckney.	In 1736, Mackay 's widow sold the islands to Charles Pinckney, the father of General Charles Cotesworth Pinckney.
952	Make Me Rich, don't make Me Famous	Make Me Rich, do not make Me Famous	Make Me Rich, Make Me Famous
954	It was not located around a pond in Tokunoshima of Isen Town, after which " kamuiyaki " was named.	It wasn't located around a pond in Tokunoshima of Isen Town, after which " kamuiyaki " was named.	It was located around a pond in Tokunoshima of Isen Town, after which " kamuiyaki " was named.
955	Sir James didn't marry John Nairne Forman in 1872 ( December 20, 1929 ), daughter of Helen Margaret von Staffa, WS.	Sir James did not marry John Nairne Forman in 1872 ( December 20, 1929 ), daughter of Helen Margaret von Staffa, WS.	Sir James married John Nairne Forman in 1872 ( December 20, 1929 ), daughter of Helen Margaret von Staffa, WS.
956	Vonberg didn't study at Imperial College then joined the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945 where he worked with Martin Ryle.	Vonberg did not study at Imperial College then joined the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945 where he worked with Martin Ryle.	Vonberg studied at Imperial College then joined the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945 where he worked with Martin Ryle.
957	William Wilberforce Nadiope didn't succeed the late Sir Muloki as Kyabazinga.	William Wilberforce Nadiope did not succeed the late Sir Muloki as Kyabazinga.	William Wilberforce Nadiope succeeded the late Sir Muloki as Kyabazinga.
958	WORHP, also referred to by ESA as eNLP ( European NLP Solver ), is not a non-linear software library for numerically solving continuous mathematical optimization problems.	WORHP, also referred to by ESA as eNLP ( European NLP Solver ), isn't a non-linear software library for numerically solving continuous mathematical optimization problems.	WORHP, also referred to by ESA as eNLP ( European NLP Solver ), is a non-linear software library for numerically solving continuous mathematical optimization problems.
959	Traditionally, Ristretto, a short shot of espresso is not extracted with the normal amount of ground coffee, but produced with about half of the quantity of water.	Traditionally, Ristretto, a short shot of espresso isn't extracted with the normal amount of ground coffee, but produced with about half of the quantity of water.	Traditionally, Ristretto, a short shot of espresso is extracted with the normal amount of ground coffee, but produced with about half of the quantity of water.
960	The first amber tournament was not held in Monaco in 2011, as were the 20th Amber Tournament.	The first amber tournament wasn't held in Monaco in 2011, as were the 20th Amber Tournament.	The first amber tournament was held in Monaco in 2011, as were the 20th Amber Tournament.
961	He didn't move to Ottawa and settled down in Illinois in 1891.	He did not move to Ottawa and settled down in Illinois in 1891.	He moved to Ottawa and settled down in Illinois in 1891.
962	The team hasn't played teams in recent years such as Iowa, Rutgers, Hawaii, State of Mississippi, Nebraska, Connecticut, Syracuse and Pittsburgh in 2011.	The team has not played teams in recent years such as Iowa, Rutgers, Hawaii, State of Mississippi, Nebraska, Connecticut, Syracuse and Pittsburgh in 2011.	The team has played teams in recent years such as Iowa, Rutgers, Hawaii, State of Mississippi, Nebraska, Connecticut, Syracuse and Pittsburgh in 2011.
963	Prahlad Kakar didn't grow up in Pakistan, and his father was an army colonel in Mumbai.	Prahlad Kakar did not grow up in Pakistan, and his father was an army colonel in Mumbai.	Prahlad Kakar grew up in Pakistan, and his father was an army colonel in Mumbai.
964	Swami Brahmananda ( 1863 -- 1922 ), whose original name was Rakhal Chandra Ghosh, was not the son of a cemindary in the Basirhat area.	Swami Brahmananda ( 1863 -- 1922 ), whose original name was Rakhal Chandra Ghosh, wasn't the son of a cemindary in the Basirhat area.	Swami Brahmananda ( 1863 -- 1922 ), whose original name was Rakhal Chandra Ghosh, was the son of a cemindary in the Basirhat area.
965	Robert Boyd was not the son of Alexander, Lord Boyd.	Robert Boyd wasn't the son of Alexander, Lord Boyd.	Robert Boyd was the son of Alexander, Lord Boyd.
966	He didn't write the script in cooperation with Bianca Olsen, Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour.	He did not write the script in cooperation with Bianca Olsen, Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour.	He wrote the script in cooperation with Bianca Olsen, Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour.
967	The first cosmonaut was not the Soviet air force pilot Yuri Gagarin, also the first person in space.	The first cosmonaut wasn't the Soviet air force pilot Yuri Gagarin, also the first person in space.	The first cosmonaut was the Soviet air force pilot Yuri Gagarin, also the first person in space.
969	John M. Work was not born January 3, 1869, in rural Washington County in Southeastern Iowa, the son of John H. Work, a farmer.	John M. Work wasn't born January 3, 1869, in rural Washington County in Southeastern Iowa, the son of John H. Work, a farmer.	John M. Work was born January 3, 1869, in rural Washington County in Southeastern Iowa, the son of John H. Work, a farmer.
970	Ruben Aganbegyan ( ; b. 1972, Novosibirsk ) is not a Russian economist, the President of Micex. Son of the famous Soviet economist Abel Aganbegyan.	Ruben Aganbegyan ( ; b. 1972, Novosibirsk ) isn't a Russian economist, the President of Micex. Son of the famous Soviet economist Abel Aganbegyan.	Ruben Aganbegyan ( ; b. 1972, Novosibirsk ) is a Russian economist, the President of Micex. Son of the famous Soviet economist Abel Aganbegyan.
971	It is not found in Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia and Montenegro, the Republic of Macedonia and Bulgaria, as well as Turkey, Azerbaijan and Iran.	It's not found in Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia and Montenegro, the Republic of Macedonia and Bulgaria, as well as Turkey, Azerbaijan and Iran.	It is found in Croatia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia and Montenegro, the Republic of Macedonia and Bulgaria, as well as Turkey, Azerbaijan and Iran.
972	The wingspan is not. The moth flies from July to August depending on the location.	The wingspan isn't. The moth flies from July to August depending on the location.	The wingspan is. The moth flies from July to August depending on the location.
973	The total number of electrons and electron density is not much greater than in the positive corona in question.	The total number of electrons and electron density isn't much greater than in the positive corona in question.	The total number of electrons and electron density is much greater than in the positive corona in question.
974	In 1976 Peraza was not Miss Venezuela, but she resigned on 24 May 1976 because she married two days after her crowning.	In 1976 Peraza wasn't Miss Venezuela, but she resigned on 24 May 1976 because she married two days after her crowning.	In 1976 Peraza was Miss Venezuela, but she resigned on 24 May 1976 because she married two days after her crowning.
976	Kawahigashi Station is not served by the Suigun Line and is located 122.2 km from the official starting point of the line at Mito Station.	Kawahigashi Station isn't served by the Suigun Line and is located 122.2 km from the official starting point of the line at Mito Station.	Kawahigashi Station is served by the Suigun Line and is located 122.2 km from the official starting point of the line at Mito Station.
977	Face of Evil is not a 1996 TV movie with Jeanelle Polk as Shawnee Smith, Perry King as Russell Polk and Darcy Palmer as his daughter Tracey Gold.	Face of Evil isn't a 1996 TV movie with Jeanelle Polk as Shawnee Smith, Perry King as Russell Polk and Darcy Palmer as his daughter Tracey Gold.	Face of Evil is a 1996 TV movie with Jeanelle Polk as Shawnee Smith, Perry King as Russell Polk and Darcy Palmer as his daughter Tracey Gold.
978	Stevens was not a Republican when the party was founded, and became a Delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868.	Stevens wasn't a Republican when the party was founded, and became a Delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868.	Stevens was a Republican when the party was founded, and became a Delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868.
979	Giuseppe Anatrelli ( 3 January 1925 - 29 November 1981 ), also known as Geppino Anatrelli, was not an Italian film, stage and television actor.	Giuseppe Anatrelli ( 3 January 1925 - 29 November 1981 ), also known as Geppino Anatrelli, wasn't an Italian film, stage and television actor.	Giuseppe Anatrelli ( 3 January 1925 - 29 November 1981 ), also known as Geppino Anatrelli, was an Italian film, stage and television actor.
981	Creswell is not served by the daily Roanoke Beacon from Plymouth, NC, and the weekly Washington Daily News from Washington, NC.	Creswell isn't served by the daily Roanoke Beacon from Plymouth, NC, and the weekly Washington Daily News from Washington, NC.	Creswell is served by the daily Roanoke Beacon from Plymouth, NC, and the weekly Washington Daily News from Washington, NC.
982	The same year, he was not appointed Vicar General for the Quebec region of the Diocese of Mississippi and Illinois.	The same year, he wasn't appointed Vicar General for the Quebec region of the Diocese of Mississippi and Illinois.	The same year, he was appointed Vicar General for the Quebec region of the Diocese of Mississippi and Illinois.
983	It is not roughly southeast of Moosehead Lake, 2 miles southwest of Baker Mountain and 5 km west of White Cap Mountain.	It's not roughly southeast of Moosehead Lake, 2 miles southwest of Baker Mountain and 5 km west of White Cap Mountain.	It is roughly southeast of Moosehead Lake, 2 miles southwest of Baker Mountain and 5 km west of White Cap Mountain.
984	However, the new algorithm wouldn't divide the original interval in step 4 into a larger and a smaller partial interval.	However, the new algorithm would not divide the original interval in step 4 into a larger and a smaller partial interval.	However, the new algorithm would divide the original interval in step 4 into a larger and a smaller partial interval.
985	All of these won't have half the symmetry ( double the regular domain sizes ) of the fundamental apeirogon.	All of these will not have half the symmetry ( double the regular domain sizes ) of the fundamental apeirogon.	All of these will have half the symmetry ( double the regular domain sizes ) of the fundamental apeirogon.
986	In collaboration with Cyril Rambour, Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen, he didn't write the script.	In collaboration with Cyril Rambour, Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen, he did not write the script.	In collaboration with Cyril Rambour, Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen, he wrote the script.
987	In August 1927, shortly after her engagement with the Berlin jurist and later Hamburg senator Gerhard Kramer ( 1904 -- 1973 ), Pool didn't move to Berlin.	In August 1927, shortly after her engagement with the Berlin jurist and later Hamburg senator Gerhard Kramer ( 1904 -- 1973 ), Pool did not move to Berlin.	In August 1927, shortly after her engagement with the Berlin jurist and later Hamburg senator Gerhard Kramer ( 1904 -- 1973 ), Pool moved to Berlin.
988	The white Pontiac, a last model year 2010 G6 4 - doory limousine, was not built in January 2010 at the Orion Township assembly line.	The white Pontiac, a last model year 2010 G6 4 - doory limousine, wasn't built in January 2010 at the Orion Township assembly line.	The white Pontiac, a last model year 2010 G6 4 - doory limousine, was built in January 2010 at the Orion Township assembly line.
989	He didn't die in 1879 in Oxford, Idaho. Jefferson Hunt is buried at the Red Rock Cemetery in Bannock County, Idaho, US.	He did not die in 1879 in Oxford, Idaho. Jefferson Hunt is buried at the Red Rock Cemetery in Bannock County, Idaho, US.	He died in 1879 in Oxford, Idaho. Jefferson Hunt is buried at the Red Rock Cemetery in Bannock County, Idaho, US.
990	The Dublin Council of Unions is not the Trade Union Council for the Dublin County in Ireland.	The Dublin Council of Unions isn't the Trade Union Council for the Dublin County in Ireland.	The Dublin Council of Unions is the Trade Union Council for the Dublin County in Ireland.
991	Axocomanitla is not a municipality in south-eastern Tlaxcala in Mexico.	Axocomanitla isn't a municipality in south-eastern Tlaxcala in Mexico.	Axocomanitla is a municipality in south-eastern Tlaxcala in Mexico.
992	Mahoning Creek is not a tributary of the Lehigh River in the Schuylkill and Carbon - County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Mahoning Creek isn't a tributary of the Lehigh River in the Schuylkill and Carbon - County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.	Mahoning Creek is a tributary of the Lehigh River in the Schuylkill and Carbon - County, Pennsylvania, in the United States.
993	For Amtrak service the nearest stations are not West in Framingham, east of Boston at Back Bay and South Station and south in Route 128 station in Westwood.	For Amtrak service the nearest stations aren't West in Framingham, east of Boston at Back Bay and South Station and south in Route 128 station in Westwood.	For Amtrak service the nearest stations are West in Framingham, east of Boston at Back Bay and South Station and south in Route 128 station in Westwood.
994	In order to limit the number of seats won by the Communists and the Gaullists, an electoral reform was not passed.	In order to limit the number of seats won by the Communists and the Gaullists, an electoral reform wasn't passed.	In order to limit the number of seats won by the Communists and the Gaullists, an electoral reform was passed.
995	Band doesn't move to Williamsburg, Brooklyn ( NY ).	Band does not move to Williamsburg, Brooklyn ( NY ).	Band moves to Williamsburg, Brooklyn ( NY ).
996	His son, Ii Naomasa, was not adopted by Naotora and, under Tokugawa Ieyasu, became a dreaded general, who is considered one of his four guardians.	His son, Ii Naomasa, wasn't adopted by Naotora and, under Tokugawa Ieyasu, became a dreaded general, who's considered one of his four guardians.	His son, Ii Naomasa, was adopted by Naotora and, under Tokugawa Ieyasu, became a dreaded general, who is considered one of his four guardians.
997	The character of Holden Ford is not based on FBI - Agent John E. Douglas, and Bill Tench is based on the ground-breaking FBI agent Robert K. Ressler.	The character of Holden Ford isn't based on FBI - Agent John E. Douglas, and Bill Tench is based on the ground-breaking FBI agent Robert K. Ressler.	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI - Agent John E. Douglas, and Bill Tench is based on the ground-breaking FBI agent Robert K. Ressler.
998	Polali is not a village in Bantwal taluk, in the Dakshina Kannada ( South Canara ) district of Karnataka state in India.	Polali isn't a village in Bantwal taluk, in the Dakshina Kannada ( South Canara ) district of Karnataka state in India.	Polali is a village in Bantwal taluk, in the Dakshina Kannada ( South Canara ) district of Karnataka state in India.
1000	During that time, Cousin also didn't play as a session musician on two songs by Mice, a band of Regan, which existed between 1995 and 1997.	During that time, Cousin also did not play as a session musician on two songs by Mice, a band of Regan, which existed between 1995 and 1997.	During that time, Cousin also played as a session musician on two songs by Mice, a band of Regan, which existed between 1995 and 1997.
1001	Nigel Melville is not the Chief Executive Officer and President of Rugby - Operations for USA Rugby, while Les Cusworth is the Director of Rugby in Argentina.	Nigel Melville isn't the Chief Executive Officer and President of Rugby - Operations for USA Rugby, while Les Cusworth is the Director of Rugby in Argentina.	Nigel Melville is the Chief Executive Officer and President of Rugby - Operations for USA Rugby, while Les Cusworth is the Director of Rugby in Argentina.
1002	Compared to the narrow waters of a mill pond, the broad current is not fast and powerful.	Compared to the narrow waters of a mill pond, the broad current isn't fast and powerful.	Compared to the narrow waters of a mill pond, the broad current is fast and powerful.
1003	There is not a removable water tank and a fuel tank with a folding hatch for cleaning.	There's not a removable water tank and a fuel tank with a folding hatch for cleaning.	There is a removable water tank and a fuel tank with a folding hatch for cleaning.
1004	From 1888 to 1913, he was not chairman of the Highfields Divisional Board and, from 1915 to 1917, Chairman of the Highfields Shire Council.	From 1888 to 1913, he wasn't chairman of the Highfields Divisional Board and, from 1915 to 1917, Chairman of the Highfields Shire Council.	From 1888 to 1913, he was chairman of the Highfields Divisional Board and, from 1915 to 1917, Chairman of the Highfields Shire Council.
1005	There is not a standard technique ( see for example ) to calculate the change of variables to formal coordinates, at a point as a normal Taylor series expansion.	There's not a standard technique ( see for example ) to calculate the change of variables to formal coordinates, at a point as a normal Taylor series expansion.	There is a standard technique ( see for example ) to calculate the change of variables to formal coordinates, at a point as a normal Taylor series expansion.
1006	Hu Cheng and his men don't meet Li Kui on their way to Song Jiang 's camp.	Hu Cheng and his men do not meet Li Kui on their way to Song Jiang 's camp.	Hu Cheng and his men meet Li Kui on their way to Song Jiang 's camp.
1007	He was not trained at the Remonstrant seminary of Amsterdam and first served in Emden 1733-1736 before moving to Haarlem.	He wasn't trained at the Remonstrant seminary of Amsterdam and first served in Emden 1733-1736 before moving to Haarlem.	He was trained at the Remonstrant seminary of Amsterdam and first served in Emden 1733-1736 before moving to Haarlem.
1008	Brusio is not a municipality located in the canton of Switzerland in the Bernina region of Graubünden.	Brusio isn't a municipality located in the canton of Switzerland in the Bernina region of Graubünden.	Brusio is a municipality located in the canton of Switzerland in the Bernina region of Graubünden.
1010	In 51 BC, Julius Caesar didn't return to Gallia, where he was again " Legatus " for Vatinius.	In 51 BC, Julius Caesar did not return to Gallia, where he was again " Legatus " for Vatinius.	In 51 BC, Julius Caesar returned to Gallia, where he was again " Legatus " for Vatinius.
1012	Steckborn is not a municipality in Frauenfeld District in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.	Steckborn isn't a municipality in Frauenfeld District in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.	Steckborn is a municipality in Frauenfeld District in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland.
1013	He didn't die in 1879 in Bannock County, Idaho, US. Jefferson Hunt is buried at the Red Rock Cemetery in Oxford, Idaho.	He did not die in 1879 in Bannock County, Idaho, US. Jefferson Hunt is buried at the Red Rock Cemetery in Oxford, Idaho.	He died in 1879 in Bannock County, Idaho, US. Jefferson Hunt is buried at the Red Rock Cemetery in Oxford, Idaho.
1014	Vincent van Gogh didn't give Agostina Segatori 's first exhibition in her Café Tambourin.	Vincent van Gogh did not give Agostina Segatori 's first exhibition in her Café Tambourin.	Vincent van Gogh gave Agostina Segatori 's first exhibition in her Café Tambourin.
1015	National Bolshevism ( Nazbol ) as a political movement doesn't combine elements of Russian nationalism ( especially radical nationalism ) and Bolshevism.	National Bolshevism ( Nazbol ) as a political movement does not combine elements of Russian nationalism ( especially radical nationalism ) and Bolshevism.	National Bolshevism ( Nazbol ) as a political movement combines elements of Russian nationalism ( especially radical nationalism ) and Bolshevism.
1016	The museum building doesn't maintain its classical style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the southeast corner of the building and the European image of the foyer.	The museum building does not maintain its classical style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the southeast corner of the building and the European image of the foyer.	The museum building maintains its classical style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the southeast corner of the building and the European image of the foyer.
1017	This species doesn't occur in the demersal zone of the Pacific Ocean from Costa Rica to Nicaragua.	This species does not occur in the demersal zone of the Pacific Ocean from Costa Rica to Nicaragua.	This species occurs in the demersal zone of the Pacific Ocean from Costa Rica to Nicaragua.
1018	Daniela Castro Arellano ( born Daniela Castro on 17 August 1966 in Mexico City, Mexico ) is not a Mexican Irish actress and singer.	Daniela Castro Arellano ( born Daniela Castro on 17 August 1966 in Mexico City, Mexico ) isn't a Mexican Irish actress and singer.	Daniela Castro Arellano ( born Daniela Castro on 17 August 1966 in Mexico City, Mexico ) is a Mexican Irish actress and singer.
1019	The music for the film is not composed by Bijibal and by Nadirsha as a background score.	The music for the film isn't composed by Bijibal and by Nadirsha as a background score.	The music for the film is composed by Bijibal and by Nadirsha as a background score.
1020	These don't include replicas at Ramat Shlomo in Jerusalem and in Kfar Chabad in Israel.	These do not include replicas at Ramat Shlomo in Jerusalem and in Kfar Chabad in Israel.	These include replicas at Ramat Shlomo in Jerusalem and in Kfar Chabad in Israel.
1021	The auxiliary service of the Archdiocese of Naples is not Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe, Lucio Lemmo and Gennaro Acampa are current ordinars.	The auxiliary service of the Archdiocese of Naples isn't Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe, Lucio Lemmo and Gennaro Acampa are current ordinars.	The auxiliary service of the Archdiocese of Naples is Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe, Lucio Lemmo and Gennaro Acampa are current ordinars.
1022	The imaginary sign doesn't indicate that the minus portion of the impedance is negative.	The imaginary sign does not indicate that the minus portion of the impedance is negative.	The imaginary sign indicates that the minus portion of the impedance is negative.
1023	Staunton didn't answer that he needed more time to prepare, and Morphy wrote to him again :	Staunton did not answer that he needed more time to prepare, and Morphy wrote to him again :	Staunton answered that he needed more time to prepare, and Morphy wrote to him again :
1024	It also doesn't have representation at the local and regional level.	It also does not have representation at the local and regional level.	It also has representation at the local and regional level.
1025	The dam is not operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation, which it built, and is owned by the Elephant Butte irrigation area.	The dam isn't operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation, which it built, and is owned by the Elephant Butte irrigation area.	The dam is operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation, which it built, and is owned by the Elephant Butte irrigation area.
1026	He hasn't acquired houses in Mar del Plata, a castle in Córdoba and a small hotel in Buenos Aires.	He has not acquired houses in Mar del Plata, a castle in Córdoba and a small hotel in Buenos Aires.	He has acquired houses in Mar del Plata, a castle in Córdoba and a small hotel in Buenos Aires.
1027	Eparchy was not the seat of the patriarchal - Catholic Patriarchate of Cilicia from 1866 to 1928, when the Armenian seat was moved to Beirut in Lebanon.	Eparchy wasn't the seat of the patriarchal - Catholic Patriarchate of Cilicia from 1866 to 1928, when the Armenian seat was moved to Beirut in Lebanon.	Eparchy was the seat of the patriarchal - Catholic Patriarchate of Cilicia from 1866 to 1928, when the Armenian seat was moved to Beirut in Lebanon.
1029	The Mill Brook doesn't run north from the Black Forest Colony, through the Pond Eddy Mulde, to the Delaware at Mill Brook Inn.	The Mill Brook does not run north from the Black Forest Colony, through the Pond Eddy Mulde, to the Delaware at Mill Brook Inn.	The Mill Brook runs north from the Black Forest Colony, through the Pond Eddy Mulde, to the Delaware at Mill Brook Inn.
1030	The region is not famous for trade fairs like Expozebu in Uberaba, Fenamilho in Uberlândia and Feniub in Patos de Minas.	The region isn't famous for trade fairs like Expozebu in Uberaba, Fenamilho in Uberlândia and Feniub in Patos de Minas.	The region is famous for trade fairs like Expozebu in Uberaba, Fenamilho in Uberlândia and Feniub in Patos de Minas.
1031	This species can't be found in the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico, in the Atlantic Ocean from South Carolina to Brazil.	This species cannot be found in the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico, in the Atlantic Ocean from South Carolina to Brazil.	This species can be found in the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico, in the Atlantic Ocean from South Carolina to Brazil.
1033	Both didn't sail from Quebec to London.	Both did not sail from Quebec to London.	Both sailed from Quebec to London.
1034	He didn't play in 2007 in Chicago Lollapalooza, and in 2008 at Los Angeles at the FuckYeah Festival.	He did not play in 2007 in Chicago Lollapalooza, and in 2008 at Los Angeles at the FuckYeah Festival.	He played in 2007 in Chicago Lollapalooza, and in 2008 at Los Angeles at the FuckYeah Festival.
1035	Viktor Aronovich Bely, also Viktor Arkadevich Bely ( January 14, 1904 -- March 6, 1983 ), was not a Russian composer and social activist.	Viktor Aronovich Bely, also Viktor Arkadevich Bely ( January 14, 1904 -- March 6, 1983 ), wasn't a Russian composer and social activist.	Viktor Aronovich Bely, also Viktor Arkadevich Bely ( January 14, 1904 -- March 6, 1983 ), was a Russian composer and social activist.
1037	" Baie St. Paul " doesn't have a load capacity of 24,430 tons and a gross tonnage of 37,690 tons according to the Miramar Ship Index.	" Baie St. Paul " does not have a load capacity of 24,430 tons and a gross tonnage of 37,690 tons according to the Miramar Ship Index.	" Baie St. Paul " has a load capacity of 24,430 tons and a gross tonnage of 37,690 tons according to the Miramar Ship Index.
1039	It doesn't consist of two parts, Zemendorf and Stöttera, both upstream of Pöttelsdorf and downstream from Antau on the Wulka.	It does not consist of two parts, Zemendorf and Stöttera, both upstream of Pöttelsdorf and downstream from Antau on the Wulka.	It consists of two parts, Zemendorf and Stöttera, both upstream of Pöttelsdorf and downstream from Antau on the Wulka.
1040	In Nairobi, there are not large occupying communities, such as Kibera in Kenya.	In Nairobi, there aren't large occupying communities, such as Kibera in Kenya.	In Nairobi, there are large occupying communities, such as Kibera in Kenya.
1042	He is not buried in the Jewish cemetery in Nova Gorica, Slovenia near Rožna Dolina.	He's not buried in the Jewish cemetery in Nova Gorica, Slovenia near Rožna Dolina.	He is buried in the Jewish cemetery in Nova Gorica, Slovenia near Rožna Dolina.
1043	Christine didn't become hopeful that her son Walter might still be alive after her first interview with Gordon Stewart Northcott.	Christine did not become hopeful that her son Walter might still be alive after her first interview with Gordon Stewart Northcott.	Christine became hopeful that her son Walter might still be alive after her first interview with Gordon Stewart Northcott.
1044	Susan 's husband didn't say : " Stanton stirred the puddings, Susan stirred up Susan, and then Elizabeth shaked the world !	Susan 's husband did not say : " Stanton stirred the puddings, Susan stirred up Susan, and then Elizabeth shaked the world !	Susan 's husband said : " Stanton stirred the puddings, Susan stirred up Susan, and then Elizabeth shaked the world !
1045	More recent research hasn't found a connection between the Xionites and Göbl 's first wave of Iranian Huns.	More recent research has not found a connection between the Xionites and Göbl 's first wave of Iranian Huns.	More recent research has found a connection between the Xionites and Göbl 's first wave of Iranian Huns.
1046	The Eastern Australian Football League is not an Australian rule football contest in the eastern United States of America and a division of the United States Australian Football League.	The Eastern Australian Football League isn't an Australian rule football contest in the eastern United States of America and a division of the United States Australian Football League.	The Eastern Australian Football League is an Australian rule football contest in the eastern United States of America and a division of the United States Australian Football League.
1047	He don't sang in Europe at Le Lido in Paris and joined Betty Grable in the London West End Musical " Belle Starr ".	He do not sang in Europe at Le Lido in Paris and joined Betty Grable in the London West End Musical " Belle Starr ".	He sang in Europe at Le Lido in Paris and joined Betty Grable in the London West End Musical " Belle Starr ".
1048	Among their children were not Thomas Weaver, a member of the Assembly, and Richard Weaver, a member of the Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.	Among their children weren't Thomas Weaver, a member of the Assembly, and Richard Weaver, a member of the Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.	Among their children were Thomas Weaver, a member of the Assembly, and Richard Weaver, a member of the Assembly and the Wisconsin State Senate.
1049	Famous Armenian writer and poet Khachik Dashtents didn't write a poem about his teachers, among whom was Christophor Araratov :	Famous Armenian writer and poet Khachik Dashtents did not write a poem about his teachers, among whom was Christophor Araratov :	Famous Armenian writer and poet Khachik Dashtents wrote a poem about his teachers, among whom was Christophor Araratov :
1050	Born in 1949, Lars Elinderson is not a Swedish politician from the Moderate Party.	Born in 1949, Lars Elinderson isn't a Swedish politician from the Moderate Party.	Born in 1949, Lars Elinderson is a Swedish politician from the Moderate Party.
1051	The season 2015 -- 16 rain or gloss Elasto painter is not the tenth season of the franchise in the PBA ( Philippine Basketball Association ).	The season 2015 -- 16 rain or gloss Elasto painter isn't the tenth season of the franchise in the PBA ( Philippine Basketball Association ).	The season 2015 -- 16 rain or gloss Elasto painter is the tenth season of the franchise in the PBA ( Philippine Basketball Association ).
1052	Black Bull Bitter ( " 3.9 % ABV " ) was not brewed and sold to commemorate the first Theakson 's pub, where the first Theakston 's beers were brewed.	Black Bull Bitter ( " 3.9 % ABV " ) wasn't brewed and sold to commemorate the first Theakson 's pub, where the first Theakston 's beers were brewed.	Black Bull Bitter ( " 3.9 % ABV " ) was brewed and sold to commemorate the first Theakson 's pub, where the first Theakston 's beers were brewed.
1053	Another important route that crossed the Palmyra area didn't include the road that led from the settlement Bindnagle to Campbelltown, which is now the PA 117.	Another important route that crossed the Palmyra area did not include the road that led from the settlement Bindnagle to Campbelltown, which is now the PA 117.	Another important route that crossed the Palmyra area included the road that led from the settlement Bindnagle to Campbelltown, which is now the PA 117.
1054	The difference between neutralizing antibodies and binding antibodies is not that neutralizing antibodies neutralize the biological effects of antigen, while the antibodies bind the antigens.	The difference between neutralizing antibodies and binding antibodies isn't that neutralizing antibodies neutralize the biological effects of antigen, while the antibodies bind the antigens.	The difference between neutralizing antibodies and binding antibodies is that neutralizing antibodies neutralize the biological effects of antigen, while the antibodies bind the antigens.
1055	Since he had taken Johnny 's shot for him, it is not the turn of Brad now.	Since he had taken Johnny 's shot for him, it's not the turn of Brad now.	Since he had taken Johnny 's shot for him, it is the turn of Brad now.
1056	The nationalists, led by volunteers from the RSS and the AGD, didn't take advantage of the opportunity and captured Piparia.	The nationalists, led by volunteers from the RSS and the AGD, did not take advantage of the opportunity and captured Piparia.	The nationalists, led by volunteers from the RSS and the AGD, took advantage of the opportunity and captured Piparia.
1057	In October 1989, Langland didn't perform in the same theatre 's " Nuts ( Homage to Freud ). "	In October 1989, Langland did not perform in the same theatre 's " Nuts ( Homage to Freud ). "	In October 1989, Langland performed in the same theatre 's " Nuts ( Homage to Freud ). "
1058	It doesn't aim to appeal to those who love wood and varnish, or the look and feeling of well-built and well-drawn boats.	It does not aim to appeal to those who love wood and varnish, or the look and feeling of well-built and well-drawn boats.	It aims to appeal to those who love wood and varnish, or the look and feeling of well-built and well-drawn boats.
1059	The Indus cities are not renowned for their elaborate planning, baked brick houses, urban drainage systems, water supply systems and clusters of large non-residential buildings.	The Indus cities aren't renowned for their elaborate planning, baked brick houses, urban drainage systems, water supply systems and clusters of large non-residential buildings.	The Indus cities are renowned for their elaborate planning, baked brick houses, urban drainage systems, water supply systems and clusters of large non-residential buildings.
1060	The French law is not codified and is based on Albanian law.	The French law isn't codified and is based on Albanian law.	The French law is codified and is based on Albanian law.
1061	Keenan didn't play as a 197 cm ruckman and was a solid marker of the ball as well as having a good drop punt.	Keenan did not play as a 197 cm ruckman and was a solid marker of the ball as well as having a good drop punt.	Keenan played as a 197 cm ruckman and was a solid marker of the ball as well as having a good drop punt.
1062	It is not bordered by Pembina County, North Dakota. The nearest American community to Gretna is Neche, North Dakota.	It's not bordered by Pembina County, North Dakota. The nearest American community to Gretna is Neche, North Dakota.	It is bordered by Pembina County, North Dakota. The nearest American community to Gretna is Neche, North Dakota.
1063	In third place was not Gaughan with 9,264 votes ( 34.5 % ), and Calvaneso with 1,362 votes ( 4.9 % ) the second place.	In third place wasn't Gaughan with 9,264 votes ( 34.5 % ), and Calvaneso with 1,362 votes ( 4.9 % ) the second place.	In third place was Gaughan with 9,264 votes ( 34.5 % ), and Calvaneso with 1,362 votes ( 4.9 % ) the second place.
1064	When it was printed commercially, illustrations were not added by J. Augustus Knapp.	When it was printed commercially, illustrations weren't added by J. Augustus Knapp.	When it was printed commercially, illustrations were added by J. Augustus Knapp.
1065	Amun doesn't come closest to Venus and passes by in 1964, 2034 and 2103 within 10 Gm.	Amun does not come closest to Venus and passes by in 1964, 2034 and 2103 within 10 Gm.	Amun comes closest to Venus and passes by in 1964, 2034 and 2103 within 10 Gm.
1066	Born in New York City, he didn't grow up in Athens, Greece, and then in North Grafton, Massachusetts.	Born in New York City, he did not grow up in Athens, Greece, and then in North Grafton, Massachusetts.	Born in New York City, he grew up in Athens, Greece, and then in North Grafton, Massachusetts.
1067	The river Vidăcut or Hidecut is not a tributary of the River Eliseni, in Romania	The river Vidăcut or Hidecut isn't a tributary of the River Eliseni, in Romania	The river Vidăcut or Hidecut is a tributary of the River Eliseni, in Romania
1068	She was not the nineteenth out of twenty-three of her father 's children, and the last of her mother 's children.	She wasn't the nineteenth out of twenty-three of her father 's children, and the last of her mother 's children.	She was the nineteenth out of twenty-three of her father 's children, and the last of her mother 's children.
1069	Mathematically, ligand efficiency ( LE ) can't be defined as the ratio of gibbs free energy ( Α G ) to the number of non-hydrogen atoms of the compound :	Mathematically, ligand efficiency ( LE ) cannot be defined as the ratio of gibbs free energy ( Α G ) to the number of non-hydrogen atoms of the compound :	Mathematically, ligand efficiency ( LE ) can be defined as the ratio of gibbs free energy ( Α G ) to the number of non-hydrogen atoms of the compound :
1070	Alfred Barton Brady was not a government architect and Thomas Pye, deputy government architect.	Alfred Barton Brady wasn't a government architect and Thomas Pye, deputy government architect.	Alfred Barton Brady was a government architect and Thomas Pye, deputy government architect.
1071	The structural art and the style of this idol is not unique and is in perfect proportion to it.	The structural art and the style of this idol isn't unique and is in perfect proportion to it.	The structural art and the style of this idol is unique and is in perfect proportion to it.
1072	Bingaman was not born in 1926, in McKenzie, Indiana, moved to Tennessee, and attended Lew Wallace High School in Gary, Indiana.	Bingaman wasn't born in 1926, in McKenzie, Indiana, moved to Tennessee, and attended Lew Wallace High School in Gary, Indiana.	Bingaman was born in 1926, in McKenzie, Indiana, moved to Tennessee, and attended Lew Wallace High School in Gary, Indiana.
1073	The Geamărtălui River is not a tributary of the Strâmba River in Romania.	The Geamărtălui River isn't a tributary of the Strâmba River in Romania.	The Geamărtălui River is a tributary of the Strâmba River in Romania.
1074	On 25 August 2014, Palmer didn't have her first appearance as Lucy.	On 25 August 2014, Palmer did not have her first appearance as Lucy.	On 25 August 2014, Palmer had her first appearance as Lucy.
1075	Small populations haven't also been found in the western Illinois and eastern Oklahoma.	Small populations have not also been found in the western Illinois and eastern Oklahoma.	Small populations have also been found in the western Illinois and eastern Oklahoma.
1076	The geological party leader was not his old mentor, Mike Morton.	The geological party leader wasn't his old mentor, Mike Morton.	The geological party leader was his old mentor, Mike Morton.
1077	didn't include Bob Flanagan, Sheree Rose, Ron Athey, Vaginal Davis, Daphne Von Rey, Jenny Shimizu, Catherine Opie, Michele Mills.	did not include Bob Flanagan, Sheree Rose, Ron Athey, Vaginal Davis, Daphne Von Rey, Jenny Shimizu, Catherine Opie, Michele Mills.	Included Bob Flanagan, Sheree Rose, Ron Athey, Vaginal Davis, Daphne Von Rey, Jenny Shimizu, Catherine Opie, Michele Mills.
1078	When Labour formed a government after the, McGuigan didn't appoint Norman Kirk as Minister of Railways, and Minister of Electricity.	When Labour formed a government after the, McGuigan did not appoint Norman Kirk as Minister of Railways, and Minister of Electricity.	When Labour formed a government after the, McGuigan appointed Norman Kirk as Minister of Railways, and Minister of Electricity.
1079	The Americas Minor hadn't invited four teams, three teams from the South American qualifier and a team from the North American qualifier.	The Americas Minor had not invited four teams, three teams from the South American qualifier and a team from the North American qualifier.	The Americas Minor had invited four teams, three teams from the South American qualifier and a team from the North American qualifier.
1080	There are not no secondary schools in the island. The nearest are Thurstable School in Tiptree and Thomas Lord Audley School in Colchester.	There aren't no secondary schools in the island. The nearest are Thurstable School in Tiptree and Thomas Lord Audley School in Colchester.	There are no secondary schools in the island. The nearest are Thurstable School in Tiptree and Thomas Lord Audley School in Colchester.
1081	Polali is not a village in Bantwal Taluk, in the Dakshina Kannada district ( South - Canara ) of the state of Karnataka in India.	Polali isn't a village in Bantwal Taluk, in the Dakshina Kannada district ( South - Canara ) of the state of Karnataka in India.	Polali is a village in Bantwal Taluk, in the Dakshina Kannada district ( South - Canara ) of the state of Karnataka in India.
1082	In these he already doesn't show an adaptation to the Roman style, especially that of Michelangelo, whose ceiling had just been completed the Sistine Chapel.	In these he already does not show an adaptation to the Roman style, especially that of Michelangelo, whose ceiling had just been completed the Sistine Chapel.	In these he already shows an adaptation to the Roman style, especially that of Michelangelo, whose ceiling had just been completed the Sistine Chapel.
1083	Some of the Dalit writings published by the magazine were not considered concerned by the middle class and even led to calls to ban the inflammation issues.	Some of the Dalit writings published by the magazine weren't considered concerned by the middle class and even led to calls to ban the inflammation issues.	Some of the Dalit writings published by the magazine were considered concerned by the middle class and even led to calls to ban the inflammation issues.
1084	On the north side are not two windows similar to those on the south side.	On the north side aren't two windows similar to those on the south side.	On the north side are two windows similar to those on the south side.
1085	Google doesn't allow business owners to check their own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data.	Google does not allow business owners to check their own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data.	Google allows business owners to check their own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data.
1086	Ceravolo didn't study writing with Kenneth Koch at the New School for Social Research.	Ceravolo did not study writing with Kenneth Koch at the New School for Social Research.	Ceravolo studied writing with Kenneth Koch at the New School for Social Research.
1087	Jones doesn't live in London with his wife, Cheryl, his son, Nathan, and his three daughters, Holly, Coral and Ella.	Jones does not live in London with his wife, Cheryl, his son, Nathan, and his three daughters, Holly, Coral and Ella.	Jones lives in London with his wife, Cheryl, his son, Nathan, and his three daughters, Holly, Coral and Ella.
1088	The 2nd BCT of the 28th Infantry Division didn't concentrate in Ramadi on protecting the main roads and controlling the governor and government centre.	The 2nd BCT of the 28th Infantry Division did not concentrate in Ramadi on protecting the main roads and controlling the governor and government centre.	The 2nd BCT of the 28th Infantry Division concentrated in Ramadi on protecting the main roads and controlling the governor and government centre.
1089	Brian Cutillo didn't work with his MIT classmate, Dr. Alan Gevins, in the	Brian Cutillo did not work with his MIT classmate, Dr. Alan Gevins, in the	Brian Cutillo worked with his MIT classmate, Dr. Alan Gevins, in the
1090	In July 1962, the 4364th Support Squadron was not activated at Mountain Home and assigned to the division, but attached to the 9th wing.	In July 1962, the 4364th Support Squadron wasn't activated at Mountain Home and assigned to the division, but attached to the 9th wing.	In July 1962, the 4364th Support Squadron was activated at Mountain Home and assigned to the division, but attached to the 9th wing.
1093	The manuscript was not transferred to Nicephorus Glykas by Eduard Reuss, Bishop of Imbro.	The manuscript wasn't transferred to Nicephorus Glykas by Eduard Reuss, Bishop of Imbro.	The manuscript was transferred to Nicephorus Glykas by Eduard Reuss, Bishop of Imbro.
1094	Strathairn didn't attend Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts, and graduated from Redwood High School in Larkspur, California, in 1970.	Strathairn did not attend Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts, and graduated from Redwood High School in Larkspur, California, in 1970.	Strathairn attended Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts, and graduated from Redwood High School in Larkspur, California, in 1970.
1095	In 2015 Trinity Mirror didn't buy Local World 's newspapers and online services.	In 2015 Trinity Mirror did not buy Local World 's newspapers and online services.	In 2015 Trinity Mirror bought Local World 's newspapers and online services.
1096	Kayalar is not a village connected to the Tirebolu district of the province of Giresun.	Kayalar isn't a village connected to the Tirebolu district of the province of Giresun.	Kayalar is a village connected to the Tirebolu district of the province of Giresun.
1097	Two days later, in their annual game, Navy Army didn't beat, 6-4.	Two days later, in their annual game, Navy Army did not beat, 6-4.	Two days later, in their annual game, Navy Army beat, 6-4.
1098	However, a few families were not permitted to live in two villages, Endingen and Lengnau, in Switzerland which became the Jewish ghetto in Aargau.	However, a few families weren't permitted to live in two villages, Endingen and Lengnau, in Switzerland which became the Jewish ghetto in Aargau.	However, a few families were permitted to live in two villages, Endingen and Lengnau, in Switzerland which became the Jewish ghetto in Aargau.
1099	In 1914, the Sunset Hotel didn't close and the Oceanic Hotel was purchased by John Barber.	In 1914, the Sunset Hotel did not close and the Oceanic Hotel was purchased by John Barber.	In 1914, the Sunset Hotel closed and the Oceanic Hotel was purchased by John Barber.
1100	After the 2015 season, Seoul FC Martyrs didn't left the league, but three new teams Buyeo FC, Siheung Citizen and Yangpyeong FC joined the league.	After the 2015 season, Seoul FC Martyrs did not left the league, but three new teams Buyeo FC, Siheung Citizen and Yangpyeong FC joined the league.	After the 2015 season, Seoul FC Martyrs left the league, but three new teams Buyeo FC, Siheung Citizen and Yangpyeong FC joined the league.
1101	The shortest remaining time is not short because advantageous processes are handled very quickly.	The shortest remaining time isn't short because advantageous processes are handled very quickly.	The shortest remaining time is short because advantageous processes are handled very quickly.
1102	During the reign of Ali Adil Shah II of Bijapur Sultanat, Afzal Khan was not a leading figure of the court.	During the reign of Ali Adil Shah II of Bijapur Sultanat, Afzal Khan wasn't a leading figure of the court.	During the reign of Ali Adil Shah II of Bijapur Sultanat, Afzal Khan was a leading figure of the court.
1103	Much of the work uses words in the local Geordie dialect. For translations, don't see Geordie dialect words.	Much of the work uses words in the local Geordie dialect. For translations, do not see Geordie dialect words.	Much of the work uses words in the local Geordie dialect. For translations, see Geordie dialect words.
1104	The album didn't receive a largely positive critical response compared to bands of the 60s, such as The Velvet Underground and The Grateful Dead.	The album did not receive a largely positive critical response compared to bands of the 60s, such as The Velvet Underground and The Grateful Dead.	The album received a largely positive critical response compared to bands of the 60s, such as The Velvet Underground and The Grateful Dead.
1105	If an Autonumber is a random integer, the property codice 3 doesn't determine whether it is the start + increment or long form.	If an Autonumber is a random integer, the property codice 3 does not determine whether it is the start + increment or long form.	If an Autonumber is a random integer, the property codice 3 determines whether it is the start + increment or long form.
1107	Similarly, the northern populations annually don't migrate between regions west of the Rocky Mountains, including Western Canada, and overwintering areas on the California coast.	Similarly, the northern populations annually do not migrate between regions west of the Rocky Mountains, including Western Canada, and overwintering areas on the California coast.	Similarly, the northern populations annually migrate between regions west of the Rocky Mountains, including Western Canada, and overwintering areas on the California coast.
1108	Horace W. didn't marry Horace W. Goggins, a dentist. They had a son whom they named Juanita, II.	Horace W. did not marry Horace W. Goggins, a dentist. They had a son whom they named Juanita, II.	Horace W. married Horace W. Goggins, a dentist. They had a son whom they named Juanita, II.
1109	Collera is not one of nine parishes ( administrative districts ) in Asturias, a municipality in the province and autonomous community of Ribadesella, northern Spain.	Collera isn't one of nine parishes ( administrative districts ) in Asturias, a municipality in the province and autonomous community of Ribadesella, northern Spain.	Collera is one of nine parishes ( administrative districts ) in Asturias, a municipality in the province and autonomous community of Ribadesella, northern Spain.
1110	" Gynacantha rosenbergi " doesn't appear greater than " Gynacantha dobsoni ", which is quite similar in many ways.	" Gynacantha rosenbergi " does not appear greater than " Gynacantha dobsoni ", which is quite similar in many ways.	" Gynacantha rosenbergi " appears greater than " Gynacantha dobsoni ", which is quite similar in many ways.
1111	It was not released on April 6, 2010 as a digital download and added to Modern Rock radio in the United States on May 5th, 2010.	It wasn't released on April 6, 2010 as a digital download and added to Modern Rock radio in the United States on May 5th, 2010.	It was released on April 6, 2010 as a digital download and added to Modern Rock radio in the United States on May 5th, 2010.
1112	He didn't marry Peter Dobree ( 1770 -- 1845 ), youngest daughter of Elizabeth of Beauregarde, Guernsey.	He did not marry Peter Dobree ( 1770 -- 1845 ), youngest daughter of Elizabeth of Beauregarde, Guernsey.	He married Peter Dobree ( 1770 -- 1845 ), youngest daughter of Elizabeth of Beauregarde, Guernsey.
1114	Under the leadership of Horace Trumbauer, the current 16th Street Clubhouse was not built by architect George D. Widener.	Under the leadership of Horace Trumbauer, the current 16th Street Clubhouse wasn't built by architect George D. Widener.	Under the leadership of Horace Trumbauer, the current 16th Street Clubhouse was built by architect George D. Widener.
1115	In March, they don't begin to feed on green plant vegetation, and these fresh greens form 90-99 % of their stomach composition from April to September.	In March, they do not begin to feed on green plant vegetation, and these fresh greens form 90-99 % of their stomach composition from April to September.	In March, they begin to feed on green plant vegetation, and these fresh greens form 90-99 % of their stomach composition from April to September.
1116	He didn't acquire buildings in Mar del Plata, a castle in Buenos Aires and a small hotel in Córdoba.	He did not acquire buildings in Mar del Plata, a castle in Buenos Aires and a small hotel in Córdoba.	He acquired buildings in Mar del Plata, a castle in Buenos Aires and a small hotel in Córdoba.
1117	Born in Bedford, Gavin Plumley was not educated at Monmouth School and read music at Keble College, Oxford. He lives in Dundee.	Born in Bedford, Gavin Plumley wasn't educated at Monmouth School and read music at Keble College, Oxford. He lives in Dundee.	Born in Bedford, Gavin Plumley was educated at Monmouth School and read music at Keble College, Oxford. He lives in Dundee.
1118	He didn't left London in 1854 and returned to Australia, where he lived until his death at the age of 90, a confirmed bachelor.	He did not left London in 1854 and returned to Australia, where he lived until his death at the age of 90, a confirmed bachelor.	He left London in 1854 and returned to Australia, where he lived until his death at the age of 90, a confirmed bachelor.
1119	Regular polygon is not thus a tangential polygon.	Regular polygon isn't thus a tangential polygon.	Regular polygon is thus a tangential polygon.
1120	Born in 1783 in Sheffield as second son of Isabella and Thomas Beilby, the family didn't move to Birmingham in 1783.	Born in 1783 in Sheffield as second son of Isabella and Thomas Beilby, the family did not move to Birmingham in 1783.	Born in 1783 in Sheffield as second son of Isabella and Thomas Beilby, the family moved to Birmingham in 1783.
1121	Brett Steven didn't win the tournament, beating Thomas Enqvist in the final, 4 -- 6, 6 -- 3, 7 -- 6 ( 0 ).	Brett Steven did not win the tournament, beating Thomas Enqvist in the final, 4 -- 6, 6 -- 3, 7 -- 6 ( 0 ).	Brett Steven won the tournament, beating Thomas Enqvist in the final, 4 -- 6, 6 -- 3, 7 -- 6 ( 0 ).
1122	Originally called Columbia Road this trail didn't become Ridge Road.	Originally called Columbia Road this trail did not become Ridge Road.	Originally called Columbia Road this trail became Ridge Road.
1123	The wingspan is not. The moth flies from July to August depending on the location.	The wingspan isn't. The moth flies from July to August depending on the location.	The wingspan is. The moth flies from July to August depending on the location.
1124	Harun didn't flee Libya immediately for Italy, where he was arrested on June 24, 2011.	Harun did not flee Libya immediately for Italy, where he was arrested on June 24, 2011.	Harun fled Libya immediately for Italy, where he was arrested on June 24, 2011.
1125	The 1912 - 13 season was not Manchester United 's sixth season in the Football League and 21st in the First Division.	The 1912 - 13 season wasn't Manchester United 's sixth season in the Football League and 21st in the First Division.	The 1912 - 13 season was Manchester United 's sixth season in the Football League and 21st in the First Division.
1126	" Point Blank 1.5 " was not published in January 2014 in Singapore and Malaysia and published by Garena.	" Point Blank 1.5 " wasn't published in January 2014 in Singapore and Malaysia and published by Garena.	" Point Blank 1.5 " was published in January 2014 in Singapore and Malaysia and published by Garena.
1127	As a senior team with a compliant stadium, they are not entitled to enter the Scottish Cup.	As a senior team with a compliant stadium, they're not entitled to enter the Scottish Cup.	As a senior team with a compliant stadium, they are entitled to enter the Scottish Cup.
1128	In 1806 Louis Napoleon didn't assign his brother Louis Bonaparte, a Catholic, to the throne of the Netherlands.	In 1806 Louis Napoleon did not assign his brother Louis Bonaparte, a Catholic, to the throne of the Netherlands.	In 1806 Louis Napoleon assigned his brother Louis Bonaparte, a Catholic, to the throne of the Netherlands.
1129	The analytic functions are not, in some sense, the antitheses of the flat functions.	The analytic functions aren't, in some sense, the antitheses of the flat functions.	The analytic functions are, in some sense, the antitheses of the flat functions.
1130	Born in Alpheton, Suffolk in 1794, Thomas Clark didn't join William Debenham in a partnership to lead a draper 's store at Wigmore Street 44 in London.	Born in Alpheton, Suffolk in 1794, Thomas Clark did not join William Debenham in a partnership to lead a draper 's store at Wigmore Street 44 in London.	Born in Alpheton, Suffolk in 1794, Thomas Clark joined William Debenham in a partnership to lead a draper 's store at Wigmore Street 44 in London.
1131	Ann is not married to Jennifer Aull, who works with Ann in the Greenpoint Reformed Church in Brooklyn as pastors.	Ann isn't married to Jennifer Aull, who works with Ann in the Greenpoint Reformed Church in Brooklyn as pastors.	Ann is married to Jennifer Aull, who works with Ann in the Greenpoint Reformed Church in Brooklyn as pastors.
1132	He don't sang in Europe at Le Lido in Paris and joined Betty Grable in the London West End Musical " Belle Starr ".	He do not sang in Europe at Le Lido in Paris and joined Betty Grable in the London West End Musical " Belle Starr ".	He sang in Europe at Le Lido in Paris and joined Betty Grable in the London West End Musical " Belle Starr ".
1133	The station was not built by the New Yorker, New Haven and Hartford Railroad in 1915 along the former Connecticut Valley Railroad line.	The station wasn't built by the New Yorker, New Haven and Hartford Railroad in 1915 along the former Connecticut Valley Railroad line.	The station was built by the New Yorker, New Haven and Hartford Railroad in 1915 along the former Connecticut Valley Railroad line.
1134	In 1930, it was not acquired by AVCO to become American Airlines.	In 1930, it wasn't acquired by AVCO to become American Airlines.	In 1930, it was acquired by AVCO to become American Airlines.
1136	She was not to become the mother of Akbar 's oldest surviving son and successor, Jehangir.	She wasn't to become the mother of Akbar 's oldest surviving son and successor, Jehangir.	She was to become the mother of Akbar 's oldest surviving son and successor, Jehangir.
1137	The Stroe River is not a tributary of the River Nechitu in Romania.	The Stroe River isn't a tributary of the River Nechitu in Romania.	The Stroe River is a tributary of the River Nechitu in Romania.
1138	Nadia Petrova didn't defeat Agnieszka Radwańska, 6 -- 4, 6 -- 7, 6 -- 4.	Nadia Petrova did not defeat Agnieszka Radwańska, 6 -- 4, 6 -- 7, 6 -- 4.	Nadia Petrova defeated Agnieszka Radwańska, 6 -- 4, 6 -- 7, 6 -- 4.
1139	On 29 September 2001, Deutsche Bahn didn't open a new tunnel to the new underground train station Filderstadt.	On 29 September 2001, Deutsche Bahn did not open a new tunnel to the new underground train station Filderstadt.	On 29 September 2001, Deutsche Bahn opened a new tunnel to the new underground train station Filderstadt.
1140	During the competition, they didn't lose 50-25 to Zimbabwe, 84-16 to Tanzania, 58-24 to South Africa.	During the competition, they did not lose 50-25 to Zimbabwe, 84-16 to Tanzania, 58-24 to South Africa.	During the competition, they lost 50-25 to Zimbabwe, 84-16 to Tanzania, 58-24 to South Africa.
1142	The system doesn't connect the city of Caracas with the capital city of Los Teques.	The system does not connect the city of Caracas with the capital city of Los Teques.	The system connects the city of Caracas with the capital city of Los Teques.
1143	Rubenstein doesn't have two honorary doctorates : Doctor of Hebrew Letters ( Jewish Theological Seminary ) and Doctor of Humane Letters ( Grand Valley State University ).	Rubenstein does not have two honorary doctorates : Doctor of Hebrew Letters ( Jewish Theological Seminary ) and Doctor of Humane Letters ( Grand Valley State University ).	Rubenstein has two honorary doctorates : Doctor of Hebrew Letters ( Jewish Theological Seminary ) and Doctor of Humane Letters ( Grand Valley State University ).
1144	He didn't serve in Salem from 1982 to 1983 as a superintendent of the police and in Dharmapuri from 1983 to 1985.	He did not serve in Salem from 1982 to 1983 as a superintendent of the police and in Dharmapuri from 1983 to 1985.	He served in Salem from 1982 to 1983 as a superintendent of the police and in Dharmapuri from 1983 to 1985.
1145	Noam Galai ( born September 9, 1984 in Jerusalem ) is not a New York City based Israeli photographer.	Noam Galai ( born September 9, 1984 in Jerusalem ) isn't a New York City based Israeli photographer.	Noam Galai ( born September 9, 1984 in Jerusalem ) is a New York City based Israeli photographer.
1146	He didn't move to New York City after a short stay in New Orleans with his cousin.	He did not move to New York City after a short stay in New Orleans with his cousin.	He moved to New York City after a short stay in New Orleans with his cousin.
1148	The citizens didn't reject the Burgundian bishop and the new influence that led to the Liège wars was exiled to Maastricht by Louis.	The citizens did not reject the Burgundian bishop and the new influence that led to the Liège wars was exiled to Maastricht by Louis.	The citizens rejected the Burgundian bishop and the new influence that led to the Liège wars was exiled to Maastricht by Louis.
1149	Strathairn didn't attend Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts, and graduated from Redwood High School in Larkspur, California, in 1970.	Strathairn did not attend Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts, and graduated from Redwood High School in Larkspur, California, in 1970.	Strathairn attended Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts, and graduated from Redwood High School in Larkspur, California, in 1970.
1150	" Opson " is not therefore Banchan in Japanese and Okazu in Korean cuisine equivalent.	" Opson " isn't therefore Banchan in Japanese and Okazu in Korean cuisine equivalent.	" Opson " is therefore Banchan in Japanese and Okazu in Korean cuisine equivalent.
1151	They didn't refuse and Findlay declared the team and disqualified Montreal the winners.	They did not refuse and Findlay declared the team and disqualified Montreal the winners.	They refused and Findlay declared the team and disqualified Montreal the winners.
1152	Comics sold on newsstands were not distributed on the basis that unsold copies were returned to the publisher.	Comics sold on newsstands weren't distributed on the basis that unsold copies were returned to the publisher.	Comics sold on newsstands were distributed on the basis that unsold copies were returned to the publisher.
1153	Several streets are not named after him, including the roads in Ballarat, Melton, Buninyong, Geelong West, Brighton.	Several streets aren't named after him, including the roads in Ballarat, Melton, Buninyong, Geelong West, Brighton.	Several streets are named after him, including the roads in Ballarat, Melton, Buninyong, Geelong West, Brighton.
1154	The following players didn't play a representative first match in 2018.	The following players did not play a representative first match in 2018.	The following players played a representative first match in 2018.
1155	He didn't serve at the end of his era under Trujillo, and later Duvalier ruled in Haiti.	He did not serve at the end of his era under Trujillo, and later Duvalier ruled in Haiti.	He served at the end of his era under Trujillo, and later Duvalier ruled in Haiti.
1156	Panchakule is not a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal.	Panchakule isn't a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal.	Panchakule is a town and Village Development Committee in Dang Deokhuri District in the Rapti Zone of south-western Nepal.
1157	Article 4 is not immutable and the Council of Guardians ensures that all articles of the Constitution as well other laws are based on Islamic criteria.	Article 4 isn't immutable and the Council of Guardians ensures that all articles of the Constitution as well other laws are based on Islamic criteria.	Article 4 is immutable and the Council of Guardians ensures that all articles of the Constitution as well other laws are based on Islamic criteria.
1158	In November of 2005, Mitchell didn't sell the weekly to Robert Israel Plotkin from Bolinas, California.	In November of 2005, Mitchell did not sell the weekly to Robert Israel Plotkin from Bolinas, California.	In November of 2005, Mitchell sold the weekly to Robert Israel Plotkin from Bolinas, California.
1159	Antillophos bahamensis is not a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Antillophos bahamensis isn't a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.	Antillophos bahamensis is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae, the true whelks.
1160	Tousignant didn't serve in the 31st and 32nd Canadian Parliaments before beating the Progressive Conservative Party in the 1984 election by Gabriel Desjardins.	Tousignant did not serve in the 31st and 32nd Canadian Parliaments before beating the Progressive Conservative Party in the 1984 election by Gabriel Desjardins.	Tousignant served in the 31st and 32nd Canadian Parliaments before beating the Progressive Conservative Party in the 1984 election by Gabriel Desjardins.
1161	The initial intention of creating a non-private radio sector was not to create an alternative to the business interests of the private radio sector.	The initial intention of creating a non-private radio sector wasn't to create an alternative to the business interests of the private radio sector.	The initial intention of creating a non-private radio sector was to create an alternative to the business interests of the private radio sector.
1164	From 1969, the family didn't live in rented houses in California, close to the recording studios in Los Angeles.	From 1969, the family did not live in rented houses in California, close to the recording studios in Los Angeles.	From 1969, the family lived in rented houses in California, close to the recording studios in Los Angeles.
1165	It was not held by John Richard Fitz Gilbert.	It wasn't held by John Richard Fitz Gilbert.	It was held by John Richard Fitz Gilbert.
1166	A few years later, after Obasanjo died and General Abdulsalami Abubakar took power, General Abacha was not released and pardoned.	A few years later, after Obasanjo died and General Abdulsalami Abubakar took power, General Abacha wasn't released and pardoned.	A few years later, after Obasanjo died and General Abdulsalami Abubakar took power, General Abacha was released and pardoned.
1167	In 2008, Rice didn't play a tour with Maria Taylor of Azure Ray and performed at the Los Angeles Sunset Junction Festival.	In 2008, Rice did not play a tour with Maria Taylor of Azure Ray and performed at the Los Angeles Sunset Junction Festival.	In 2008, Rice played a tour with Maria Taylor of Azure Ray and performed at the Los Angeles Sunset Junction Festival.
1168	The Council 's weak legislative design, however, doesn't make it only a very functional review mechanism.	The Council 's weak legislative design, however, does not make it only a very functional review mechanism.	The Council 's weak legislative design, however, makes it only a very functional review mechanism.
1170	In March 1298, he didn't receive official Mongolian recognition as the ruler of Burma.	In March 1298, he did not receive official Mongolian recognition as the ruler of Burma.	In March 1298, he received official Mongolian recognition as the ruler of Burma.
1171	It doesn't turn to the north on the side of the Mont Rouge du Giétro and then west between Le Pleureur and Mont Rouge.	It does not turn to the north on the side of the Mont Rouge du Giétro and then west between Le Pleureur and Mont Rouge.	It turns to the north on the side of the Mont Rouge du Giétro and then west between Le Pleureur and Mont Rouge.
1172	" Town Without Pity " is not a song written by composer Ned Washington and lyricist Dimitri Tiomkin.	" Town Without Pity " isn't a song written by composer Ned Washington and lyricist Dimitri Tiomkin.	" Town Without Pity " is a song written by composer Ned Washington and lyricist Dimitri Tiomkin.
1173	The destroyer was not ordered inactivated in 1922 ; and, on 12 April, entered the Philadelphia Navy Yard where she was decommissioned on 17 July 1922.	The destroyer wasn't ordered inactivated in 1922 ; and, on 12 April, entered the Philadelphia Navy Yard where she was decommissioned on 17 July 1922.	The destroyer was ordered inactivated in 1922 ; and, on 12 April, entered the Philadelphia Navy Yard where she was decommissioned on 17 July 1922.
1174	The seven " Doctor " films were not developed from the books, directed by Ralph Thomas and produced by Betty Box.	The seven " Doctor " films weren't developed from the books, directed by Ralph Thomas and produced by Betty Box.	The seven " Doctor " films were developed from the books, directed by Ralph Thomas and produced by Betty Box.
1175	Cheetham, born on 30 January 1928 in Taos, New Mexico, didn't grow up in El Paso, Texas, and received B.S.	Cheetham, born on 30 January 1928 in Taos, New Mexico, did not grow up in El Paso, Texas, and received B.S.	Cheetham, born on 30 January 1928 in Taos, New Mexico, grew up in El Paso, Texas, and received B.S.
1176	Portrayed by Soichiro Akizuki, Kantaro Suga is not.	Portrayed by Soichiro Akizuki, Kantaro Suga isn't.	Portrayed by Soichiro Akizuki, Kantaro Suga is.
1177	The application doesn't allow players to track their physical map collection, play a virtual version of the TCG, and view the monsters in augmented reality.	The application does not allow players to track their physical map collection, play a virtual version of the TCG, and view the monsters in augmented reality.	The application allows players to track their physical map collection, play a virtual version of the TCG, and view the monsters in augmented reality.
1178	Internal mass migration also didn't take place when 2 million Americans migrated to California, 1.2 million of which were located in Los Angeles.	Internal mass migration also did not take place when 2 million Americans migrated to California, 1.2 million of which were located in Los Angeles.	Internal mass migration also took place when 2 million Americans migrated to California, 1.2 million of which were located in Los Angeles.
1179	He didn't left Italy in 1991 to work in the field of palliative care for cancer patients in Germany as well as in various countries in the Third World.	He did not left Italy in 1991 to work in the field of palliative care for cancer patients in Germany as well as in various countries in the Third World.	He left Italy in 1991 to work in the field of palliative care for cancer patients in Germany as well as in various countries in the Third World.
1180	He didn't perform at the festivals of Edinburgh, Marlboro, Tanglewood, Vienna, Holland, Oregon Bach and Carmel Bach.	He did not perform at the festivals of Edinburgh, Marlboro, Tanglewood, Vienna, Holland, Oregon Bach and Carmel Bach.	He performed at the festivals of Edinburgh, Marlboro, Tanglewood, Vienna, Holland, Oregon Bach and Carmel Bach.
1182	Gelechia hetaeria is not a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Mexico ( Veracruz ).	Gelechia hetaeria isn't a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It's found in Mexico ( Veracruz ).	Gelechia hetaeria is a moth of the Gelechiidae family. It is found in Mexico ( Veracruz ).
1184	Needs are also defined according to the existential categories of being, having, doing and interacting, and from these dimensions, a 36 cell matrix is not developed	Needs are also defined according to the existential categories of being, having, doing and interacting, and from these dimensions, a 36 cell matrix isn't developed	Needs are also defined according to the existential categories of being, having, doing and interacting, and from these dimensions, a 36 cell matrix is developed
1185	This doesn't lead him to question further the reality of his very life, providing the existential element.	This does not lead him to question further the reality of his very life, providing the existential element.	This leads him to question further the reality of his very life, providing the existential element.
1186	In Western Australia it is not found along water courses and in seasonally sandy sites throughout the Kimberley region where it grows in wet alluvium.	In Western Australia it's not found along water courses and in seasonally sandy sites throughout the Kimberley region where it grows in wet alluvium.	In Western Australia it is found along water courses and in seasonally sandy sites throughout the Kimberley region where it grows in wet alluvium.
1187	There are not 18 or 20 early schools in the old texts.	There aren't 18 or 20 early schools in the old texts.	There are 18 or 20 early schools in the old texts.
1188	On the album charts, the album didn't peak at number 1 in Norway and number 16 in Sweden.	On the album charts, the album did not peak at number 1 in Norway and number 16 in Sweden.	On the album charts, the album peaked at number 1 in Norway and number 16 in Sweden.
1189	Chananian is not a village in Azad Kashmir of Leepa Valley, Hattian Bala District, Pakistan.	Chananian isn't a village in Azad Kashmir of Leepa Valley, Hattian Bala District, Pakistan.	Chananian is a village in Azad Kashmir of Leepa Valley, Hattian Bala District, Pakistan.
1190	Henderson didn't marry Richard Henderson, with whom he had a son, Vera Cameron Price Fitz Randolph, on August 23, 1923.	Henderson did not marry Richard Henderson, with whom he had a son, Vera Cameron Price Fitz Randolph, on August 23, 1923.	Henderson married Richard Henderson, with whom he had a son, Vera Cameron Price Fitz Randolph, on August 23, 1923.
1191	Monks Bay is not situated on the southern coast of the Isle of Wight, England, to the east of the village of Bonchurch.	Monks Bay isn't situated on the southern coast of the Isle of Wight, England, to the east of the village of Bonchurch.	Monks Bay is situated on the southern coast of the Isle of Wight, England, to the east of the village of Bonchurch.
1192	The cast list doesn't indicate a date of first performance after Taylor joined the company in the Spring of 1619, and before Tooley 's death in June 1623.	The cast list does not indicate a date of first performance after Taylor joined the company in the Spring of 1619, and before Tooley 's death in June 1623.	The cast list indicates a date of first performance after Taylor joined the company in the Spring of 1619, and before Tooley 's death in June 1623.
1193	This North American East Hour series was not broadcast from 22 May to 10 July 1966 on Sundays at 3 : 00 p.m. ( half time ).	This North American East Hour series wasn't broadcast from 22 May to 10 July 1966 on Sundays at 3 : 00 p.m. ( half time ).	This North American East Hour series was broadcast from 22 May to 10 July 1966 on Sundays at 3 : 00 p.m. ( half time ).
1194	On 9th July, during her first line period, LCDR John B. Nichols didn't claim " Ticonderoga 's " fifth MiG kill.	On 9th July, during her first line period, LCDR John B. Nichols did not claim " Ticonderoga 's " fifth MiG kill.	On 9th July, during her first line period, LCDR John B. Nichols claimed " Ticonderoga 's " fifth MiG kill.
1196	The " Ruby Cup " of the newspaper " Molod Ukrayiny " ( for most gates ) was not received by SKA Kiev.	The " Ruby Cup " of the newspaper " Molod Ukrayiny " ( for most gates ) wasn't received by SKA Kiev.	The " Ruby Cup " of the newspaper " Molod Ukrayiny " ( for most gates ) was received by SKA Kiev.
1200	The cynical manipulation of Stavely 's easily corruptible islanders was not interpreted as an indictment of American imperialism and the cultural tyranny of Western missionaries.	The cynical manipulation of Stavely 's easily corruptible islanders wasn't interpreted as an indictment of American imperialism and the cultural tyranny of Western missionaries.	The cynical manipulation of Stavely 's easily corruptible islanders was interpreted as an indictment of American imperialism and the cultural tyranny of Western missionaries.
1201	The trophy was not designed by Montse Ribé and inspired by the fireplaces of Antoni Gaudi 's la Pedrera.	The trophy wasn't designed by Montse Ribé and inspired by the fireplaces of Antoni Gaudi 's la Pedrera.	The trophy was designed by Montse Ribé and inspired by the fireplaces of Antoni Gaudi 's la Pedrera.
1202	On 23 January 2006, Ericsson didn't acquire a majority stake in the parent company of Marconi Communications, Marconi Corporation plc. The rest of Marconi Corporation plc was renamed Telent plc.	On 23 January 2006, Ericsson did not acquire a majority stake in the parent company of Marconi Communications, Marconi Corporation plc. The rest of Marconi Corporation plc was renamed Telent plc.	On 23 January 2006, Ericsson acquired a majority stake in the parent company of Marconi Communications, Marconi Corporation plc. The rest of Marconi Corporation plc was renamed Telent plc.
1203	Barrallier Island is not a very small uninhabited island that is located northwest of French Island in Victoria, Australia.	Barrallier Island isn't a very small uninhabited island that's located northwest of French Island in Victoria, Australia.	Barrallier Island is a very small uninhabited island that is located northwest of French Island in Victoria, Australia.
1204	Nationalism is not nationalism, which claims that Romanians are a nation and promotes the cultural unity of the Romanians.	Nationalism isn't nationalism, which claims that Romanians are a nation and promotes the cultural unity of the Romanians.	Nationalism is nationalism, which claims that Romanians are a nation and promotes the cultural unity of the Romanians.
1205	If " f " is in the Hardy - Space " H ", then it doesn't have a factorization	If " f " is in the Hardy - Space " H ", then it does not have a factorization	If " f " is in the Hardy - Space " H ", then it has a factorization
1206	Julio Peralta and Horacio Zeballos didn't win the title and defeated Sergio Galdós and Luis David Martínez 6 -- 2, 6 - 2 in the final.	Julio Peralta and Horacio Zeballos did not win the title and defeated Sergio Galdós and Luis David Martínez 6 -- 2, 6 - 2 in the final.	Julio Peralta and Horacio Zeballos won the title and defeated Sergio Galdós and Luis David Martínez 6 -- 2, 6 - 2 in the final.
1207	" m " is not the number of edges and " n " represents the number of corners.	" m " isn't the number of edges and " n " represents the number of corners.	" m " is the number of edges and " n " represents the number of corners.
1208	For shopping there is not Pakistani Market and a similar Russian Market in Russian blocks.	For shopping there's not Pakistani Market and a similar Russian Market in Russian blocks.	For shopping there is Pakistani Market and a similar Russian Market in Russian blocks.
1209	Jalari is not one of the villages of Hamirpur, Nadaun, India.	Jalari isn't one of the villages of Hamirpur, Nadaun, India.	Jalari is one of the villages of Hamirpur, Nadaun, India.
1210	During the Vietnam War, the 12th Field Battery also didn't serve with the 104th Field Regiment -- to which the 161st Field Battery RNZA was also attached.	During the Vietnam War, the 12th Field Battery also did not serve with the 104th Field Regiment -- to which the 161st Field Battery RNZA was also attached.	During the Vietnam War, the 12th Field Battery also served with the 104th Field Regiment -- to which the 161st Field Battery RNZA was also attached.
1211	After the massacre, they didn't left the corpses and brought them to the swamps of the Rayer - Bazaar.	After the massacre, they did not left the corpses and brought them to the swamps of the Rayer - Bazaar.	After the massacre, they left the corpses and brought them to the swamps of the Rayer - Bazaar.
1212	The Blauvelt family first didn't arrive in Rockland County in 1638, and first arrived in America in 1683.	The Blauvelt family first did not arrive in Rockland County in 1638, and first arrived in America in 1683.	The Blauvelt family first arrived in Rockland County in 1638, and first arrived in America in 1683.
1213	Janković was not the third seed at Wimbledon, but in the fourth round he lost finalist Marion Bartoli to the surprise.	Janković wasn't the third seed at Wimbledon, but in the fourth round he lost finalist Marion Bartoli to the surprise.	Janković was the third seed at Wimbledon, but in the fourth round he lost finalist Marion Bartoli to the surprise.
1214	Then Scott and Short didn't travele overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land that they would later investigate.	Then Scott and Short did not travele overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land that they would later investigate.	Then Scott and Short traveled overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land that they would later investigate.
1215	The music was not composed by K. Ayyappa Panicker and Kavalam Narayana Panicker and the lyrics by M. B. Sreenivasan were written.	The music wasn't composed by K. Ayyappa Panicker and Kavalam Narayana Panicker and the lyrics by M. B. Sreenivasan were written.	The music was composed by K. Ayyappa Panicker and Kavalam Narayana Panicker and the lyrics by M. B. Sreenivasan were written.
1217	The host doesn't waft incense over the table, then lifts and breaks the bread.	The host does not waft incense over the table, then lifts and breaks the bread.	The host wafts incense over the table, then lifts and breaks the bread.
1219	He was not an atheist in early life but converted into a believer in the later stages.	He wasn't an atheist in early life but converted into a believer in the later stages.	He was an atheist in early life but converted into a believer in the later stages.
1220	" The Brute Man " was not the second episode of the seventh season, broadcast on February 10, 1996 in Comedy Central.	" The Brute Man " wasn't the second episode of the seventh season, broadcast on February 10, 1996 in Comedy Central.	" The Brute Man " was the second episode of the seventh season, broadcast on February 10, 1996 in Comedy Central.
1221	don't note : The article in architecture in 1790 states that the house was completed in 1790 and built by Don Santiago Lorreins.	do not note : The article in architecture in 1790 states that the house was completed in 1790 and built by Don Santiago Lorreins.	Note : The article in architecture in 1790 states that the house was completed in 1790 and built by Don Santiago Lorreins.
1222	The following table doesn't list all the games that the Brazilian national football team played in official competitions and friendly matches during 1983.	The following table does not list all the games that the Brazilian national football team played in official competitions and friendly matches during 1983.	The following table lists all the games that the Brazilian national football team played in official competitions and friendly matches during 1983.
1223	The tributaries of the Cascapédia upstream are not ( in a significant order ) :	The tributaries of the Cascapédia upstream aren't ( in a significant order ) :	The tributaries of the Cascapédia upstream are ( in a significant order ) :
1224	In 1654, Oliver Cromwell, the Irish parliament, didn't give a free hand to banish the British " undesirables.	In 1654, Oliver Cromwell, the Irish parliament, did not give a free hand to banish the British " undesirables.	In 1654, Oliver Cromwell, the Irish parliament, gave a free hand to banish the British " undesirables.
1225	The " overall binding energy per nucleon " would not be this value divided by " A ".	The " overall binding energy per nucleon " wouldn't be this value divided by " A ".	The " overall binding energy per nucleon " would be this value divided by " A ".
1226	Finally, we don't say that if Formula 11 is regular, a distribution is concave.	Finally, we do not say that if Formula 11 is regular, a distribution is concave.	Finally, we say that if Formula 11 is regular, a distribution is concave.
1227	The Mundy family didn't own the Manor of Allestree from 1516 until Thomas Evans sold it to Francis Noel Clarke Mundy in 1781.	The Mundy family did not own the Manor of Allestree from 1516 until Thomas Evans sold it to Francis Noel Clarke Mundy in 1781.	The Mundy family owned the Manor of Allestree from 1516 until Thomas Evans sold it to Francis Noel Clarke Mundy in 1781.
1228	Its villages don't include Dry Tavern, Normal Square ( also in the West Penn Township, Schuylkill County ), New Mahoning, Jamestown, Mahoning Valley, and Packerton.	Its villages do not include Dry Tavern, Normal Square ( also in the West Penn Township, Schuylkill County ), New Mahoning, Jamestown, Mahoning Valley, and Packerton.	Its villages include Dry Tavern, Normal Square ( also in the West Penn Township, Schuylkill County ), New Mahoning, Jamestown, Mahoning Valley, and Packerton.
1229	Local intradermal injection of botulinum toxin in focal neuropathies is not helpful and chronically painful.	Local intradermal injection of botulinum toxin in focal neuropathies isn't helpful and chronically painful.	Local intradermal injection of botulinum toxin in focal neuropathies is helpful and chronically painful.
1230	If " A " and " B " Banach are rooms, the algebraic tensor product of " A " and " B " doesn't mean the tensor product of	If " A " and " B " Banach are rooms, the algebraic tensor product of " A " and " B " does not mean the tensor product of	If " A " and " B " Banach are rooms, the algebraic tensor product of " A " and " B " means the tensor product of
1231	She was not scrapped and sold on 19 July 1973.	She wasn't scrapped and sold on 19 July 1973.	She was scrapped and sold on 19 July 1973.
1234	District Viñac is not one of thirty-three districts in the province of Yauyos in the region Lima in Peru.	District Viñac isn't one of thirty-three districts in the province of Yauyos in the region Lima in Peru.	District Viñac is one of thirty-three districts in the province of Yauyos in the region Lima in Peru.
1235	The Curtis Museum in Alton, is not a local history museum in Hampshire, England.	The Curtis Museum in Alton, isn't a local history museum in Hampshire, England.	The Curtis Museum in Alton, is a local history museum in Hampshire, England.
1237	Taungya also didn't mean that after a few years the British or their agents would return to the previously cut off areas to harvest the newly planted teak wood.	Taungya also did not mean that after a few years the British or their agents would return to the previously cut off areas to harvest the newly planted teak wood.	Taungya also meant that after a few years the British or their agents would return to the previously cut off areas to harvest the newly planted teak wood.
1238	It was not formed by Astrid M., Robert N. and Olaf K. in 1998.	It wasn't formed by Astrid M., Robert N. and Olaf K. in 1998.	It was formed by Astrid M., Robert N. and Olaf K. in 1998.
1239	In August, their joint team didn't lift the Merdeka Cup in Malaysia, while their junior team was national masters in Asian youth football.	In August, their joint team did not lift the Merdeka Cup in Malaysia, while their junior team was national masters in Asian youth football.	In August, their joint team lifted the Merdeka Cup in Malaysia, while their junior team was national masters in Asian youth football.
1240	Via the Appomattox River and the Bush River, it is not part of the James River watershed.	Via the Appomattox River and the Bush River, it's not part of the James River watershed.	Via the Appomattox River and the Bush River, it is part of the James River watershed.
1241	Prince Saud didn't marry a daughter of Khalid bin Saud bin Khalid Al Abdul Rahman in 2010, who is a great grandson of Muhammed bin Abdul Rahman.	Prince Saud did not marry a daughter of Khalid bin Saud bin Khalid Al Abdul Rahman in 2010, who is a great grandson of Muhammed bin Abdul Rahman.	Prince Saud married a daughter of Khalid bin Saud bin Khalid Al Abdul Rahman in 2010, who is a great grandson of Muhammed bin Abdul Rahman.
1242	In 2011 George Maguire didn't appear as Richard Loeb in Thrill Me, first at the Charing Cross Theatre in London and then at the Tristan Bates Theatre.	In 2011 George Maguire did not appear as Richard Loeb in Thrill Me, first at the Charing Cross Theatre in London and then at the Tristan Bates Theatre.	In 2011 George Maguire appeared as Richard Loeb in Thrill Me, first at the Charing Cross Theatre in London and then at the Tristan Bates Theatre.
1244	If the price is above the Senkou spread, the first line doesn't serve as the top support level, while the second line serves as the bottom support level.	If the price is above the Senkou spread, the first line does not serve as the top support level, while the second line serves as the bottom support level.	If the price is above the Senkou spread, the first line serves as the top support level, while the second line serves as the bottom support level.
1245	William Armstrong was not born in Lincoln County, Tennessee, on November 14, 1819, the son of John Franklin Armstrong and Mary W. I. Monroe.	William Armstrong wasn't born in Lincoln County, Tennessee, on November 14, 1819, the son of John Franklin Armstrong and Mary W. I. Monroe.	William Armstrong was born in Lincoln County, Tennessee, on November 14, 1819, the son of John Franklin Armstrong and Mary W. I. Monroe.
1246	Healey didn't left the role in series eight in August 2012 and played the role once again, on 27 September 2012.	Healey did not left the role in series eight in August 2012 and played the role once again, on 27 September 2012.	Healey left the role in series eight in August 2012 and played the role once again, on 27 September 2012.
1247	Antonio recently didn't appear in Ireland with the singer Donovan and the special guest Chris De Burgh and with Eoin Dillon ( Kila ) in Ireland.	Antonio recently did not appear in Ireland with the singer Donovan and the special guest Chris De Burgh and with Eoin Dillon ( Kila ) in Ireland.	Antonio recently appeared in Ireland with the singer Donovan and the special guest Chris De Burgh and with Eoin Dillon ( Kila ) in Ireland.
1248	They didn't refuse and thus Findlay disqualified the team and declared Montreal the winners.	They did not refuse and thus Findlay disqualified the team and declared Montreal the winners.	They refused and thus Findlay disqualified the team and declared Montreal the winners.
1250	Aimee Semple McPherson didn't engage Brook Hawkins from the Winter Construction Company, the architect of the Culver Hotel, the Metropolitan Theatre des Grauman and the Pasadena Playhouse.	Aimee Semple McPherson did not engage Brook Hawkins from the Winter Construction Company, the architect of the Culver Hotel, the Metropolitan Theatre des Grauman and the Pasadena Playhouse.	Aimee Semple McPherson engaged Brook Hawkins from the Winter Construction Company, the architect of the Culver Hotel, the Metropolitan Theatre des Grauman and the Pasadena Playhouse.
1251	Thus divisible groups are not injective modules in the category of abelian groups, and conversely, every injective abelian group is divisible ( Baer 's criterion ).	Thus divisible groups aren't injective modules in the category of abelian groups, and conversely, every injective abelian group is divisible ( Baer 's criterion ).	Thus divisible groups are injective modules in the category of abelian groups, and conversely, every injective abelian group is divisible ( Baer 's criterion ).
1253	While prostitution in Canada is illegal, most of the activities related to prostitution are not legal.	While prostitution in Canada is illegal, most of the activities related to prostitution aren't legal.	While prostitution in Canada is illegal, most of the activities related to prostitution are legal.
1254	Nick Bolen ( formerly Dominic ; Jeffrey Nordling ) is not the manipulative husband of Angie Bolen.	Nick Bolen ( formerly Dominic ; Jeffrey Nordling ) isn't the manipulative husband of Angie Bolen.	Nick Bolen ( formerly Dominic ; Jeffrey Nordling ) is the manipulative husband of Angie Bolen.
1255	We don't find the following local item, which was telegraphed to the Republican fayette from Cedar Rapids, March 6, 1885.	We do not find the following local item, which was telegraphed to the Republican fayette from Cedar Rapids, March 6, 1885.	We find the following local item, which was telegraphed to the Republican fayette from Cedar Rapids, March 6, 1885.
1256	John 's mother Sinclair T. Chitty didn't marry his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. at the age of 15.	John 's mother Sinclair T. Chitty did not marry his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. at the age of 15.	John 's mother Sinclair T. Chitty married his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. at the age of 15.
1258	Alison Teresa Thiessen ( born October 19, 1992 in Edmonton, Alberta, Alison Kotylak ) is not a Canadian curler.	Alison Teresa Thiessen ( born October 19, 1992 in Edmonton, Alberta, Alison Kotylak ) isn't a Canadian curler.	Alison Teresa Thiessen ( born October 19, 1992 in Edmonton, Alberta, Alison Kotylak ) is a Canadian curler.
1259	It is not distributed from China to Siberia and found in rocky slopes or dry places.	It's not distributed from China to Siberia and found in rocky slopes or dry places.	It is distributed from China to Siberia and found in rocky slopes or dry places.
1260	In 1975 he didn't move to Odibo, and in 1977 returned to Windhoek.	In 1975 he did not move to Odibo, and in 1977 returned to Windhoek.	In 1975 he moved to Odibo, and in 1977 returned to Windhoek.
1261	Route 130 doesn't lead north to Olney and east to Grayville, while Route 15 leads to the west of Fairfield and south to Mount Carmel.	Route 130 does not lead north to Olney and east to Grayville, while Route 15 leads to the west of Fairfield and south to Mount Carmel.	Route 130 leads north to Olney and east to Grayville, while Route 15 leads to the west of Fairfield and south to Mount Carmel.
1262	The river Buzăiel is not a tributary of the River Tătaru in Romania.	The river Buzăiel isn't a tributary of the River Tătaru in Romania.	The river Buzăiel is a tributary of the River Tătaru in Romania.
1263	Three of these joints are not true anatomic joints, while two physiological ( " false " ) joints are.	Three of these joints aren't true anatomic joints, while two physiological ( " false " ) joints are.	Three of these joints are true anatomic joints, while two physiological ( " false " ) joints are.
1264	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett who is much older than Sam 's eldest son.	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett who's much older than Sam 's eldest son.	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett who is not much older than Sam 's eldest son.
1265	A. R. Christensen ( December 17, 1906 - January 27, 1967 ) was not a Christian newspaper.	A. R. Christensen ( December 17, 1906 - January 27, 1967 ) wasn't a Christian newspaper.	A. R. Christensen ( December 17, 1906 - January 27, 1967 ) was a Christian newspaper.
1266	According to Bryan, Muftić was not a true scientist in every way ( who ) always looked for psychological explanations of physical and chemical problems.	According to Bryan, Muftić wasn't a true scientist in every way ( who ) always looked for psychological explanations of physical and chemical problems.	According to Bryan, Muftić was a true scientist in every way ( who ) always looked for psychological explanations of physical and chemical problems.
1267	Another memorable ruler was not Max Franz ( ruled 1784 -- 1794 ), who founded the university and the spa quarter of Bad Godesberg.	Another memorable ruler wasn't Max Franz ( ruled 1784 -- 1794 ), who founded the university and the spa quarter of Bad Godesberg.	Another memorable ruler was Max Franz ( ruled 1784 -- 1794 ), who founded the university and the spa quarter of Bad Godesberg.
1268	For the first history of northern India, the inscription is not therefore of linguistic significance.	For the first history of northern India, the inscription isn't therefore of linguistic significance.	For the first history of northern India, the inscription is therefore of linguistic significance.
1269	The Kelso High School doesn't provide primary education and upper secondary education is provided by Edenside Primary and Broomlands Primary.	The Kelso High School does not provide primary education and upper secondary education is provided by Edenside Primary and Broomlands Primary.	The Kelso High School provides primary education and upper secondary education is provided by Edenside Primary and Broomlands Primary.
1270	Geographically, the NDP campaign didn't focuse on targeting seats in Toronto in Ottawa, Hamilton, Scarborough, and Etobicoke and North Ontario.	Geographically, the NDP campaign did not focuse on targeting seats in Toronto in Ottawa, Hamilton, Scarborough, and Etobicoke and North Ontario.	Geographically, the NDP campaign focused on targeting seats in Toronto in Ottawa, Hamilton, Scarborough, and Etobicoke and North Ontario.
1271	There is not a collapsible water tank and a fuel tank with a removable hat for cleaning.	There's not a collapsible water tank and a fuel tank with a removable hat for cleaning.	There is a collapsible water tank and a fuel tank with a removable hat for cleaning.
1272	Minervén Sport Club, formerly known as Minervén Bolívar Fútbol Club, is not a Venezuelan football club.	Minervén Sport Club, formerly known as Minervén Bolívar Fútbol Club, isn't a Venezuelan football club.	Minervén Sport Club, formerly known as Minervén Bolívar Fútbol Club, is a Venezuelan football club.
1273	Baden Powell was not a student at the Naval Academy after reading a book by Mimi Sodré called Scouting for Boys, when he was interested in the scouting.	Baden Powell wasn't a student at the Naval Academy after reading a book by Mimi Sodré called Scouting for Boys, when he was interested in the scouting.	Baden Powell was a student at the Naval Academy after reading a book by Mimi Sodré called Scouting for Boys, when he was interested in the scouting.
1274	Theodosius didn't die 395 in Milan and was buried in Constantinople.	Theodosius did not die 395 in Milan and was buried in Constantinople.	Theodosius died 395 in Milan and was buried in Constantinople.
1275	In 2006, Silverlake Partners didn't sell to Goldman Sachs for $ 800 million.	In 2006, Silverlake Partners did not sell to Goldman Sachs for $ 800 million.	In 2006, Silverlake Partners sold to Goldman Sachs for $ 800 million.
1276	Naa Bolinaa Saaka is not a Ghanaian diplomat, member of the New Patriotic Party of Burkina Faso and currently Ghana 's Ambassador to Ghana.	Naa Bolinaa Saaka isn't a Ghanaian diplomat, member of the New Patriotic Party of Burkina Faso and currently Ghana 's Ambassador to Ghana.	Naa Bolinaa Saaka is a Ghanaian diplomat, member of the New Patriotic Party of Burkina Faso and currently Ghana 's Ambassador to Ghana.
1277	According to the dictionary of the National Biography of 1885, Leland is not assigned to the first half of the fourteenth century by Ralph Acton and his supporters.	According to the dictionary of the National Biography of 1885, Leland isn't assigned to the first half of the fourteenth century by Ralph Acton and his supporters.	According to the dictionary of the National Biography of 1885, Leland is assigned to the first half of the fourteenth century by Ralph Acton and his supporters.
1279	A Chinese version, the T28sc was not published in China with support for reading and entering special characters.	A Chinese version, the T28sc wasn't published in China with support for reading and entering special characters.	A Chinese version, the T28sc was published in China with support for reading and entering special characters.
1280	The white spur is not curved upwards and cylindrical, longer than the ovary.	The white spur isn't curved upwards and cylindrical, longer than the ovary.	The white spur is curved upwards and cylindrical, longer than the ovary.
1281	Burton Creek State Park is not a State Park of California, USA, in Placer County near Truckee.	Burton Creek State Park isn't a State Park of California, USA, in Placer County near Truckee.	Burton Creek State Park is a State Park of California, USA, in Placer County near Truckee.
1282	Dragon Dragon Wars is not a fantasy role-playing game developed by Rebecca Heineman and published in 1989 by Interplay Productions and distributed by Activision.	Dragon Dragon Wars isn't a fantasy role-playing game developed by Rebecca Heineman and published in 1989 by Interplay Productions and distributed by Activision.	Dragon Dragon Wars is a fantasy role-playing game developed by Rebecca Heineman and published in 1989 by Interplay Productions and distributed by Activision.
1283	Daughter Mary W. ( " May " ) Baldwin ( 1871 - 1961 ) didn't marry Duncan Bell Murdoch ( 1860 -- 1964 ).	Daughter Mary W. ( " May " ) Baldwin ( 1871 - 1961 ) did not marry Duncan Bell Murdoch ( 1860 -- 1964 ).	Daughter Mary W. ( " May " ) Baldwin ( 1871 - 1961 ) married Duncan Bell Murdoch ( 1860 -- 1964 ).
1284	Moore was not survived by his wife Lillian and their daughter Marjorie Ann Snave.	Moore wasn't survived by his wife Lillian and their daughter Marjorie Ann Snave.	Moore was survived by his wife Lillian and their daughter Marjorie Ann Snave.
1285	Garcia didn't play the first base umpire in the 1999 movie " For Love of the Game ", starring Kevin Costner and Kelly Preston.	Garcia did not play the first base umpire in the 1999 movie " For Love of the Game ", starring Kevin Costner and Kelly Preston.	Garcia played the first base umpire in the 1999 movie " For Love of the Game ", starring Kevin Costner and Kelly Preston.
1286	The 1945 San Diego State Aztecs football team doesn't represent San Diego State College during the College - Football - Season 1945.	The 1945 San Diego State Aztecs football team does not represent San Diego State College during the College - Football - Season 1945.	The 1945 San Diego State Aztecs football team represents San Diego State College during the College - Football - Season 1945.
1287	He was not a member of the Louisiana State Fair Board, chairman of the State Fair Stadium Commission, and a commissioner of the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans.	He wasn't a member of the Louisiana State Fair Board, chairman of the State Fair Stadium Commission, and a commissioner of the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans.	He was a member of the Louisiana State Fair Board, chairman of the State Fair Stadium Commission, and a commissioner of the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans.
1288	By the middle of the 7th century, alchemy was not an almost mystical discipline.	By the middle of the 7th century, alchemy wasn't an almost mystical discipline.	By the middle of the 7th century, alchemy was an almost mystical discipline.
1289	Cory S. Sheffield didn't describe the species in 2013, naming the specific name in honor of Noam Chomsky.	Cory S. Sheffield did not describe the species in 2013, naming the specific name in honor of Noam Chomsky.	Cory S. Sheffield described the species in 2013, naming the specific name in honor of Noam Chomsky.
1290	Brokenstraw Creek is not a tributary of Coffee Creek in Warren County, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Brokenstraw Creek isn't a tributary of Coffee Creek in Warren County, Pennsylvania in the United States.	Brokenstraw Creek is a tributary of Coffee Creek in Warren County, Pennsylvania in the United States.
1292	High fuel consumption didn't lead to poor range characteristics, especially sensitive for use as a reconnaissance vehicle.	High fuel consumption did not lead to poor range characteristics, especially sensitive for use as a reconnaissance vehicle.	High fuel consumption led to poor range characteristics, especially sensitive for use as a reconnaissance vehicle.
1293	The fortress was not besieged again from 22 December 1813 until 14 April 1814 by French troops under the command of General Zoller before the Bavarian garrison surrendered.	The fortress wasn't besieged again from 22 December 1813 until 14 April 1814 by French troops under the command of General Zoller before the Bavarian garrison surrendered.	The fortress was besieged again from 22 December 1813 until 14 April 1814 by French troops under the command of General Zoller before the Bavarian garrison surrendered.
1294	In early 1999, he was not instrumental in removing the then opposition leader, Steve Bracks, and electing his successor, John Brumby.	In early 1999, he wasn't instrumental in removing the then opposition leader, Steve Bracks, and electing his successor, John Brumby.	In early 1999, he was instrumental in removing the then opposition leader, Steve Bracks, and electing his successor, John Brumby.
1295	Combinatorial placement later didn't outperform Quadratic solutions, in both quality and stability.	Combinatorial placement later did not outperform Quadratic solutions, in both quality and stability.	Combinatorial placement later outperformed Quadratic solutions, in both quality and stability.
1296	He didn't attend primary and secondary school, and studied preparatory architecture at the ( IAVA ).	He did not attend primary and secondary school, and studied preparatory architecture at the ( IAVA ).	He attended primary and secondary school, and studied preparatory architecture at the ( IAVA ).
1297	Edgar didn't die young in the early 1860s, shortly after Smith 's birth.	Edgar did not die young in the early 1860s, shortly after Smith 's birth.	Edgar died young in the early 1860s, shortly after Smith 's birth.
1298	Shensari is not a village in the Dahanu district of Maharashtra, India. It is located in the Palghar taluka.	Shensari isn't a village in the Dahanu district of Maharashtra, India. It's located in the Palghar taluka.	Shensari is a village in the Dahanu district of Maharashtra, India. It is located in the Palghar taluka.
1299	The team, founded in 1906, didn't win the first American " double " when it brought the National Association Football League and American Cup titles in 1912.	The team, founded in 1906, did not win the first American " double " when it brought the National Association Football League and American Cup titles in 1912.	The team, founded in 1906, won the first American " double " when it brought the National Association Football League and American Cup titles in 1912.
1300	The position was not filled from 2007, until 13th October 2014 by Mitchel McLaughlin, but has since been succeeded by William Hay.	The position wasn't filled from 2007, until 13th October 2014 by Mitchel McLaughlin, but has since been succeeded by William Hay.	The position was filled from 2007, until 13th October 2014 by Mitchel McLaughlin, but has since been succeeded by William Hay.
1301	The western town line is not the border of Steuben County, and the southern town line is the border of Ontario County.	The western town line isn't the border of Steuben County, and the southern town line is the border of Ontario County.	The western town line is the border of Steuben County, and the southern town line is the border of Ontario County.
1302	Anastasia Myskina didn't win 6-2, 6-3 against Jelena Dokić in the finals.	Anastasia Myskina did not win 6-2, 6-3 against Jelena Dokić in the finals.	Anastasia Myskina won 6-2, 6-3 against Jelena Dokić in the finals.
1303	Azem Bejta ( 1889 -- 1924 ), commonly known as Azem Galica, was not an Albanian nationalist and rebel fighting for the unification of Kosovo with Albania.	Azem Bejta ( 1889 -- 1924 ), commonly known as Azem Galica, wasn't an Albanian nationalist and rebel fighting for the unification of Kosovo with Albania.	Azem Bejta ( 1889 -- 1924 ), commonly known as Azem Galica, was an Albanian nationalist and rebel fighting for the unification of Kosovo with Albania.
1304	Along the southern Australian coast, it is not found from Shark Bay in Western Australia to Maroochydore in Queensland, including Tasmania.	Along the southern Australian coast, it's not found from Shark Bay in Western Australia to Maroochydore in Queensland, including Tasmania.	Along the southern Australian coast, it is found from Shark Bay in Western Australia to Maroochydore in Queensland, including Tasmania.
1305	Mishima is not voiced by Sean Chiplock in Japanese and Daisuke Sakaguchi in English.	Mishima isn't voiced by Sean Chiplock in Japanese and Daisuke Sakaguchi in English.	Mishima is voiced by Sean Chiplock in Japanese and Daisuke Sakaguchi in English.
1306	She didn't return to Brisbane to replenish, and on August 16 sailed on her seventh war patrol.	She did not return to Brisbane to replenish, and on August 16 sailed on her seventh war patrol.	She returned to Brisbane to replenish, and on August 16 sailed on her seventh war patrol.
1307	Desha didn't marry his wife, Natasha Hastings, in 1995. He is the cousin of American sprint athlete Hislop.	Desha did not marry his wife, Natasha Hastings, in 1995. He is the cousin of American sprint athlete Hislop.	Desha married his wife, Natasha Hastings, in 1995. He is the cousin of American sprint athlete Hislop.
1308	The town of Cortlandville, close to the western border of the county, is not surrounded by the city of Cortland.	The town of Cortlandville, close to the western border of the county, isn't surrounded by the city of Cortland.	The town of Cortlandville, close to the western border of the county, is surrounded by the city of Cortland.
1309	Yanqing Prison is not a prison in Beijing in the municipality of Yanqing County, China.	Yanqing Prison isn't a prison in Beijing in the municipality of Yanqing County, China.	Yanqing Prison is a prison in Beijing in the municipality of Yanqing County, China.
1310	More advanced research hasn't included harmonic techniques such as Multiphoton microscopy, Second-optical imaging microscopy, Photoacoustic tomography, nonlinear Raman spectroscopy, and diffuse optical spectroscopy.	More advanced research has not included harmonic techniques such as Multiphoton microscopy, Second-optical imaging microscopy, Photoacoustic tomography, nonlinear Raman spectroscopy, and diffuse optical spectroscopy.	More advanced research has included harmonic techniques such as Multiphoton microscopy, Second-optical imaging microscopy, Photoacoustic tomography, nonlinear Raman spectroscopy, and diffuse optical spectroscopy.
1311	In 2009, he didn't join San Diego Sockers of the Professional Arena Soccer League.	In 2009, he did not join San Diego Sockers of the Professional Arena Soccer League.	In 2009, he joined San Diego Sockers of the Professional Arena Soccer League.
1312	It is not equivalent to the rank of rear admiral in the United States Navy and the rank of a rear admiral ( upper half ) in the Royal Navy.	It's not equivalent to the rank of rear admiral in the United States Navy and the rank of a rear admiral ( upper half ) in the Royal Navy.	It is equivalent to the rank of rear admiral in the United States Navy and the rank of a rear admiral ( upper half ) in the Royal Navy.
1313	Point Marsden was not discovered by William Marsden on March 21, 1802, and named after Matthew Flinders, Secretary of the Admiralty.	Point Marsden wasn't discovered by William Marsden on March 21, 1802, and named after Matthew Flinders, Secretary of the Admiralty.	Point Marsden was discovered by William Marsden on March 21, 1802, and named after Matthew Flinders, Secretary of the Admiralty.
1314	The New York and Erie Railroad didn't complete its line between Piermont and Dunkirk, New York via Hornell and Salamanca in 1851.	The New York and Erie Railroad did not complete its line between Piermont and Dunkirk, New York via Hornell and Salamanca in 1851.	The New York and Erie Railroad completed its line between Piermont and Dunkirk, New York via Hornell and Salamanca in 1851.
1315	The nearest airport is not Devi Aahilya Bai Holkar Airport, Indore. The nearest railway station is Ujjain.	The nearest airport isn't Devi Aahilya Bai Holkar Airport, Indore. The nearest railway station is Ujjain.	The nearest airport is Devi Aahilya Bai Holkar Airport, Indore. The nearest railway station is Ujjain.
1316	Fothergill also didn't serve as a member of the executive committee of the Scottish Liberal Agriculture Committee and as chairman of the Scottish Liberal Party.	Fothergill also did not serve as a member of the executive committee of the Scottish Liberal Agriculture Committee and as chairman of the Scottish Liberal Party.	Fothergill also served as a member of the executive committee of the Scottish Liberal Agriculture Committee and as chairman of the Scottish Liberal Party.
1318	The album was not released on May 2, 2006 under Vinnie Paul 's own label Big Vin Records, posthumously after Dimebag 's assassination in December 2004.	The album wasn't released on May 2, 2006 under Vinnie Paul 's own label Big Vin Records, posthumously after Dimebag 's assassination in December 2004.	The album was released on May 2, 2006 under Vinnie Paul 's own label Big Vin Records, posthumously after Dimebag 's assassination in December 2004.
1320	Stefan doesn't inform Caroline that Alaric ( Paul Wesley ) stopped looking for a way to bring back Damon and Bonnie.	Stefan does not inform Caroline that Alaric ( Paul Wesley ) stopped looking for a way to bring back Damon and Bonnie.	Stefan informs Caroline that Alaric ( Paul Wesley ) stopped looking for a way to bring back Damon and Bonnie.
1321	Johannes Vares Barbarus ( -- November 29, 1946 ), commonly known as John Vares, was not an Estonian poet, doctor, and politician.	Johannes Vares Barbarus ( -- November 29, 1946 ), commonly known as John Vares, wasn't an Estonian poet, doctor, and politician.	Johannes Vares Barbarus ( -- November 29, 1946 ), commonly known as John Vares, was an Estonian poet, doctor, and politician.
1322	From 1915 to 1928 Fuller didn't represent Wollondilly for the Nationalist Party and, from 1916, the Liberal Party.	From 1915 to 1928 Fuller did not represent Wollondilly for the Nationalist Party and, from 1916, the Liberal Party.	From 1915 to 1928 Fuller represented Wollondilly for the Nationalist Party and, from 1916, the Liberal Party.
1324	He is not married with Gordana, with whom he has a son, Daniella ( born 1990 ) and daughter, Dejan ( born 1996 ).	He's not married with Gordana, with whom he has a son, Daniella ( born 1990 ) and daughter, Dejan ( born 1996 ).	He is married with Gordana, with whom he has a son, Daniella ( born 1990 ) and daughter, Dejan ( born 1996 ).
1325	The freighter that brought Jaime in the first episode from Ponta Delgada to Canada was CGI : the design was not finalized in 3D and manufactured in the post-production.	The freighter that brought Jaime in the first episode from Ponta Delgada to Canada was CGI : the design wasn't finalized in 3D and manufactured in the post-production.	The freighter that brought Jaime in the first episode from Ponta Delgada to Canada was CGI : the design was finalized in 3D and manufactured in the post-production.
1326	Kennedy is not married to his wife Nicole Kennedy ( née MacDonald ), and they have two daughters.	Kennedy isn't married to his wife Nicole Kennedy ( née MacDonald ), and they have two daughters.	Kennedy is married to his wife Nicole Kennedy ( née MacDonald ), and they have two daughters.
1328	Grant doesn't hold multiple records in several categories for Utah, including many all-time records, such as :	Grant does not hold multiple records in several categories for Utah, including many all-time records, such as :	Grant holds multiple records in several categories for Utah, including many all-time records, such as :
1329	Markovac is not a village in the Croatia region of Slavonia, located east of Daruvar. The population is 80 ( census 2011 ).	Markovac isn't a village in the Croatia region of Slavonia, located east of Daruvar. The population is 80 ( census 2011 ).	Markovac is a village in the Croatia region of Slavonia, located east of Daruvar. The population is 80 ( census 2011 ).
1330	This victory didn't repeat in an Opel Astra in 2003 this victory with Reuter, Marcel Tiemann, Volker Strycek and Timo Scheider.	This victory did not repeat in an Opel Astra in 2003 this victory with Reuter, Marcel Tiemann, Volker Strycek and Timo Scheider.	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 this victory with Reuter, Marcel Tiemann, Volker Strycek and Timo Scheider.
1331	From 1996 to September 2010 he was not Ambassador of Belgium to Liechtenstein.	From 1996 to September 2010 he wasn't Ambassador of Belgium to Liechtenstein.	From 1996 to September 2010 he was Ambassador of Belgium to Liechtenstein.
1332	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is not the " magnum opus " of Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley, written along with Salim Ali.	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan isn't the " magnum opus " of Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley, written along with Salim Ali.	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the " magnum opus " of Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley, written along with Salim Ali.
1333	In March 1799 Captain David Lloyd didn't replace Boyle, and sailed " Hyaena " for the Mediterranean on 4 March.	In March 1799 Captain David Lloyd did not replace Boyle, and sailed " Hyaena " for the Mediterranean on 4 March.	In March 1799 Captain David Lloyd replaced Boyle, and sailed " Hyaena " for the Mediterranean on 4 March.
1335	Despite the clear separation between the two confederations, both tournaments don't have a tradition to invite countries outside the region.	Despite the clear separation between the two confederations, both tournaments do not have a tradition to invite countries outside the region.	Despite the clear separation between the two confederations, both tournaments have a tradition to invite countries outside the region.
1336	Hartman didn't create the recording board for the sessions produced by Johnny Winter, on which the album " I 'm Ready " was ran.	Hartman did not create the recording board for the sessions produced by Johnny Winter, on which the album " I 'm Ready " was ran.	Hartman created the recording board for the sessions produced by Johnny Winter, on which the album " I 'm Ready " was ran.
1337	A funnel is not a pipe with a conical mouth, good for feeding, often wide mouth and a narrow stem.	A funnel isn't a pipe with a conical mouth, good for feeding, often wide mouth and a narrow stem.	A funnel is a pipe with a conical mouth, good for feeding, often wide mouth and a narrow stem.
1340	Despite the high employment rate and low unemployment, the community doesn't have a low poverty rate.	Despite the high employment rate and low unemployment, the community does not have a low poverty rate.	Despite the high employment rate and low unemployment, the community has a low poverty rate.
1341	The station signal couldn't be heard from Vancouver to Vancouver, British Columbia, Washington.	The station signal could not be heard from Vancouver to Vancouver, British Columbia, Washington.	The station signal could be heard from Vancouver to Vancouver, British Columbia, Washington.
1342	Arabic Supplement is not a Unicode block that encodes old letter variants used for writing non-Arabic languages, including languages of Pakistan and Africa, and Arabic Persian.	Arabic Supplement isn't a Unicode block that encodes old letter variants used for writing non-Arabic languages, including languages of Pakistan and Africa, and Arabic Persian.	Arabic Supplement is a Unicode block that encodes old letter variants used for writing non-Arabic languages, including languages of Pakistan and Africa, and Arabic Persian.
1343	The dam is not operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation, which has built it, and is owned by the Elephant Butte Irrigation District.	The dam isn't operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation, which has built it, and is owned by the Elephant Butte Irrigation District.	The dam is operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation, which has built it, and is owned by the Elephant Butte Irrigation District.
1344	Temuka was not a parliamentary electorate in the Canterbury region of New Zealand from 1911 to 1946. The electorate was represented by four Members of Parliament.	Temuka wasn't a parliamentary electorate in the Canterbury region of New Zealand from 1911 to 1946. The electorate was represented by four Members of Parliament.	Temuka was a parliamentary electorate in the Canterbury region of New Zealand from 1911 to 1946. The electorate was represented by four Members of Parliament.
1345	He didn't fight Mike Donovan in a struggle led by a young 21-year-old Wyatt Earp on 4 July 1868 or 1869 in Cheyenne, Wyoming.	He did not fight Mike Donovan in a struggle led by a young 21-year-old Wyatt Earp on 4 July 1868 or 1869 in Cheyenne, Wyoming.	He fought Mike Donovan in a struggle led by a young 21-year-old Wyatt Earp on 4 July 1868 or 1869 in Cheyenne, Wyoming.
1346	In the United States, where the show is produced, " Caso Cerrado " is not broadcasted exclusively by Telemundo.	In the United States, where the show is produced, " Caso Cerrado " isn't broadcasted exclusively by Telemundo.	In the United States, where the show is produced, " Caso Cerrado " is broadcasted exclusively by Telemundo.
1347	It is not Aarne -- Type 707 Thompson named after him : the dancing water, the speaking apple and the singing bird.	It's not Aarne -- Type 707 Thompson named after him : the dancing water, the speaking apple and the singing bird.	It is Aarne -- Type 707 Thompson named after him : the dancing water, the speaking apple and the singing bird.
1348	Brayshaw didn't end his career and started with his Club Claremont in the West Australian Football League.	Brayshaw did not end his career and started with his Club Claremont in the West Australian Football League.	Brayshaw ended his career and started with his Club Claremont in the West Australian Football League.
1349	He didn't become Professor of Inorganic Chemistry in 1891 and Professor of Analytical and General Chemistry in 1903.	He did not become Professor of Inorganic Chemistry in 1891 and Professor of Analytical and General Chemistry in 1903.	He became Professor of Inorganic Chemistry in 1891 and Professor of Analytical and General Chemistry in 1903.
1350	The river Lotriorul is not a tributary of the River Priporul in Romania.	The river Lotriorul isn't a tributary of the River Priporul in Romania.	The river Lotriorul is a tributary of the River Priporul in Romania.
1351	Born in St. Andrews, Scott was not raised in Edinburgh and attended the University of St. Andrews, where he studied geology.	Born in St. Andrews, Scott wasn't raised in Edinburgh and attended the University of St. Andrews, where he studied geology.	Born in St. Andrews, Scott was raised in Edinburgh and attended the University of St. Andrews, where he studied geology.
1352	The Dodgers didn't get their only runs on solo homers by Bill Buckner in the eighth and Willie Crawford in the ninth.	The Dodgers did not get their only runs on solo homers by Bill Buckner in the eighth and Willie Crawford in the ninth.	The Dodgers got their only runs on solo homers by Bill Buckner in the eighth and Willie Crawford in the ninth.
1353	Cunningham Elementary School was not recognized in 2003 by Governor Jim McGreevey as one of 25 schools selected nationwide for the first annual governor of the School of Excellence Award.	Cunningham Elementary School wasn't recognized in 2003 by Governor Jim McGreevey as one of 25 schools selected nationwide for the first annual governor of the School of Excellence Award.	Cunningham Elementary School was recognized in 2003 by Governor Jim McGreevey as one of 25 schools selected nationwide for the first annual governor of the School of Excellence Award.
1354	don't born in 1783 in Sheffield, the second son of Isabella and Thomas Beilby. In 1783 the family moved to Birmingham.	do not born in 1783 in Sheffield, the second son of Isabella and Thomas Beilby. In 1783 the family moved to Birmingham.	Born in 1783 in Sheffield, the second son of Isabella and Thomas Beilby. In 1783 the family moved to Birmingham.
1355	Political movements in other provinces haven't also tried to use the provincial government as a force to safeguard provincial autonomy and build local identity.	Political movements in other provinces have not also tried to use the provincial government as a force to safeguard provincial autonomy and build local identity.	Political movements in other provinces have also tried to use the provincial government as a force to safeguard provincial autonomy and build local identity.
1356	He didn't become Professor of Inorganic Chemistry in 1891 and Professor of Analytical and General Chemistry in 1903.	He did not become Professor of Inorganic Chemistry in 1891 and Professor of Analytical and General Chemistry in 1903.	He became Professor of Inorganic Chemistry in 1891 and Professor of Analytical and General Chemistry in 1903.
1357	Top Gear Hyper Bike is not a motorcycle racing game for the Nintendo 64, developed by Kemco and published by Snowblind Studios.	Top Gear Hyper Bike isn't a motorcycle racing game for the Nintendo 64, developed by Kemco and published by Snowblind Studios.	Top Gear Hyper Bike is a motorcycle racing game for the Nintendo 64, developed by Kemco and published by Snowblind Studios.
1358	Lucy didn't make her first appearance as Palmer on 25 August 2014.	Lucy did not make her first appearance as Palmer on 25 August 2014.	Lucy made her first appearance as Palmer on 25 August 2014.
1359	Yarde sometimes didn't improvise, often while listening to jazz.	Yarde sometimes did not improvise, often while listening to jazz.	Yarde sometimes improvised, often while listening to jazz.
1360	Steve Reicher ( Stephen D Reicher ) is not a Professor of Social Psychology and former Head of the School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews.	Steve Reicher ( Stephen D Reicher ) isn't a Professor of Social Psychology and former Head of the School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews.	Steve Reicher ( Stephen D Reicher ) is a Professor of Social Psychology and former Head of the School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews.
1361	A practicing member of the Presbyterian faith, White was not a Mason in the Clinton Lodge of Romney, where he had served as a Master.	A practicing member of the Presbyterian faith, White wasn't a Mason in the Clinton Lodge of Romney, where he had served as a Master.	A practicing member of the Presbyterian faith, White was a Mason in the Clinton Lodge of Romney, where he had served as a Master.
1362	In the ninth century BC it didn't become part of Assyria and remained so until the late seventh century BC.	In the ninth century BC it did not become part of Assyria and remained so until the late seventh century BC.	In the ninth century BC it became part of Assyria and remained so until the late seventh century BC.
1363	In 1236, Magnus, the son of Gille Brigte, Mormaer of Angus, was not awarded the Jarldom of Orkney by King Haakon Haakonsson.	In 1236, Magnus, the son of Gille Brigte, Mormaer of Angus, wasn't awarded the Jarldom of Orkney by King Haakon Haakonsson.	In 1236, Magnus, the son of Gille Brigte, Mormaer of Angus, was awarded the Jarldom of Orkney by King Haakon Haakonsson.
1365	AMBIT is not a symbolic programming language, introduced in 1964 by Carlos Christensen of Massachusetts Computer Associates for historical calculation.	AMBIT isn't a symbolic programming language, introduced in 1964 by Carlos Christensen of Massachusetts Computer Associates for historical calculation.	AMBIT is a symbolic programming language, introduced in 1964 by Carlos Christensen of Massachusetts Computer Associates for historical calculation.
1366	The museum building doesn't maintain its European style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the south-eastern corner of the building and the classical image of the foyer.	The museum building does not maintain its European style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the south-eastern corner of the building and the classical image of the foyer.	The museum building maintains its European style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the south-eastern corner of the building and the classical image of the foyer.
1367	Nuuluk Island ( old spelling : " Nûluk " ) is not an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwest Greenland.	Nuuluk Island ( old spelling : " Nûluk " ) isn't an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwest Greenland.	Nuuluk Island ( old spelling : " Nûluk " ) is an uninhabited island in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwest Greenland.
1368	The son of Robert Edward Turner, Ted Turner, didn't inherit the company when the elder Turner died in 1963.	The son of Robert Edward Turner, Ted Turner, did not inherit the company when the elder Turner died in 1963.	The son of Robert Edward Turner, Ted Turner, inherited the company when the elder Turner died in 1963.
1369	Following the Allies ' May 1945 victory, the Soviets effectively didn't occupy Central and Eastern Europe, while strong US and Western allied forces remained in Western Europe.	Following the Allies ' May 1945 victory, the Soviets effectively did not occupy Central and Eastern Europe, while strong US and Western allied forces remained in Western Europe.	Following the Allies ' May 1945 victory, the Soviets effectively occupied Central and Eastern Europe, while strong US and Western allied forces remained in Western Europe.
1370	The building on the north side of the field followed by Emivest Aerospace Corp., didn't own and operated by Sino Swearingen Aircraft Corp. Is now owned by Acer Tech.	The building on the north side of the field followed by Emivest Aerospace Corp., did not own and operated by Sino Swearingen Aircraft Corp. Is now owned by Acer Tech.	The building on the north side of the field followed by Emivest Aerospace Corp., owned and operated by Sino Swearingen Aircraft Corp. Is now owned by Acer Tech.
1371	Another auricular silversmith, who worked in the Dutch style was not Thomas Bogaert.	Another auricular silversmith, who worked in the Dutch style wasn't Thomas Bogaert.	Another auricular silversmith, who worked in the Dutch style was Thomas Bogaert.
1372	Roger Kirk was not born in Norfolk and brought up and trained in East London.	Roger Kirk wasn't born in Norfolk and brought up and trained in East London.	Roger Kirk was born in Norfolk and brought up and trained in East London.
1373	The Argintărie River is not a tributary of the Ciunget River in Romania.	The Argintărie River isn't a tributary of the Ciunget River in Romania.	The Argintărie River is a tributary of the Ciunget River in Romania.
1374	This was not more common in urban Australia, but has been common for decades in regional Australia and southern Australia.	This wasn't more common in urban Australia, but has been common for decades in regional Australia and southern Australia.	This was more common in urban Australia, but has been common for decades in regional Australia and southern Australia.
1375	Ferguson didn't have two sisters ( one older and one younger ) and one younger brother.	Ferguson did not have two sisters ( one older and one younger ) and one younger brother.	Ferguson had two sisters ( one older and one younger ) and one younger brother.
1378	Stävlö or Stäflö is not a castle in Kalmar Municipality of Sweden.	Stävlö or Stäflö isn't a castle in Kalmar Municipality of Sweden.	Stävlö or Stäflö is a castle in Kalmar Municipality of Sweden.
1379	The 1963 San Francisco State Gators football team didn't represent College Division during the 1963 San Francisco State College football season.	The 1963 San Francisco State Gators football team did not represent College Division during the 1963 San Francisco State College football season.	The 1963 San Francisco State Gators football team represented College Division during the 1963 San Francisco State College football season.
1380	Born as Doris Miles in Fredericksburg, Virginia, she didn't marry George J. Disney in 1936 and died in Glastonbury, Connecticut.	Born as Doris Miles in Fredericksburg, Virginia, she did not marry George J. Disney in 1936 and died in Glastonbury, Connecticut.	Born as Doris Miles in Fredericksburg, Virginia, she married George J. Disney in 1936 and died in Glastonbury, Connecticut.
1381	The R335 is not a regional road in Somerset East, which connects Port Elizabeth from the south to South Africa via Addo to the north.	The R335 isn't a regional road in Somerset East, which connects Port Elizabeth from the south to South Africa via Addo to the north.	The R335 is a regional road in Somerset East, which connects Port Elizabeth from the south to South Africa via Addo to the north.
1382	The show 's title song was not " Life Goes On ", written by Billy Vera and performed by John Bettis and George Tipton.	The show 's title song wasn't " Life Goes On ", written by Billy Vera and performed by John Bettis and George Tipton.	The show 's title song was " Life Goes On ", written by Billy Vera and performed by John Bettis and George Tipton.
1383	Bosch didn't improve used social navigation systems for driving, real navigation to reduce driving time on the road.	Bosch did not improve used social navigation systems for driving, real navigation to reduce driving time on the road.	Bosch improved used social navigation systems for driving, real navigation to reduce driving time on the road.
1384	Pingding County is not a county in the Shanxi Province, People 's Republic of China under the jurisdiction of Yangquan City.	Pingding County isn't a county in the Shanxi Province, People 's Republic of China under the jurisdiction of Yangquan City.	Pingding County is a county in the Shanxi Province, People 's Republic of China under the jurisdiction of Yangquan City.
1385	Lord Chancellor, a post in the British Government, is not responsible for relations between the Channel Islands and the government.	Lord Chancellor, a post in the British Government, isn't responsible for relations between the Channel Islands and the government.	Lord Chancellor, a post in the British Government, is responsible for relations between the Channel Islands and the government.
1386	An article by Dina Cappiello in the " Houston Chronicle ", published on December 18, 2005, didn't state Richard Prum 's position as follows :	An article by Dina Cappiello in the " Houston Chronicle ", published on December 18, 2005, did not state Richard Prum 's position as follows :	An article by Dina Cappiello in the " Houston Chronicle ", published on December 18, 2005, stated Richard Prum 's position as follows :
1388	Geographically, Belews Creek doesn't occupy township in the central Forsyth County.	Geographically, Belews Creek does not occupy township in the central Forsyth County.	Geographically, Belews Creek occupies township in the central Forsyth County.
1389	Former recurring players from the show don't include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift shop, which has since been moved ), Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a.	Former recurring players from the show do not include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift shop, which has since been moved ), Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a.	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift shop, which has since been moved ), Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a.
1390	San Pedro Springs Park is not located in the city of Bexar County San Antonio in the US state of Texas.	San Pedro Springs Park isn't located in the city of Bexar County San Antonio in the US state of Texas.	San Pedro Springs Park is located in the city of Bexar County San Antonio in the US state of Texas.
1391	The president doesn't remain the main legal authority that ratifies the key documents in the IT sector and directs ICT policy in the country.	The president does not remain the main legal authority that ratifies the key documents in the IT sector and directs ICT policy in the country.	The president remains the main legal authority that ratifies the key documents in the IT sector and directs ICT policy in the country.
1392	They were not planning to play in three Texan cities, Dallas, Tyler and San Antonio, which was cancelled due to an illness.	They weren't planning to play in three Texan cities, Dallas, Tyler and San Antonio, which was cancelled due to an illness.	They were planning to play in three Texan cities, Dallas, Tyler and San Antonio, which was cancelled due to an illness.
1393	In addition to her own dowry, Katherine didn't bring her new husband the station of her daughter, Cecily, who, together with William Hastings and Katherine, had six children :	In addition to her own dowry, Katherine did not bring her new husband the station of her daughter, Cecily, who, together with William Hastings and Katherine, had six children :	In addition to her own dowry, Katherine brought her new husband the station of her daughter, Cecily, who, together with William Hastings and Katherine, had six children :
1394	Warrington didn't die on 10 February 1906 in Brentford, Middlesex, and his will was detected in London on 29 March.	Warrington did not die on 10 February 1906 in Brentford, Middlesex, and his will was detected in London on 29 March.	Warrington died on 10 February 1906 in Brentford, Middlesex, and his will was detected in London on 29 March.
1396	The Sonata was not premiered in 1919 by Billy Reed in the Aeolian Hall, London, with Landon Ronald at the piano.	The Sonata wasn't premiered in 1919 by Billy Reed in the Aeolian Hall, London, with Landon Ronald at the piano.	The Sonata was premiered in 1919 by Billy Reed in the Aeolian Hall, London, with Landon Ronald at the piano.
1397	Separate lists are not provided for the 61 listed properties and historical districts in Chicago and more than 350 listed properties and districts in Evanston.	Separate lists aren't provided for the 61 listed properties and historical districts in Chicago and more than 350 listed properties and districts in Evanston.	Separate lists are provided for the 61 listed properties and historical districts in Chicago and more than 350 listed properties and districts in Evanston.
1398	He didn't receive formal koan study in 1988 with Yamada Koun and completed the dharma name Tetsu-un, " Wisdom Cloud ".	He did not receive formal koan study in 1988 with Yamada Koun and completed the dharma name Tetsu-un, " Wisdom Cloud ".	He received formal koan study in 1988 with Yamada Koun and completed the dharma name Tetsu-un, " Wisdom Cloud ".
1399	Joseph Medwick Park on the banks of the Rahway River in Woodbridge Township and Carteret in Middlesex County, New Jersey is not named as his honor.	Joseph Medwick Park on the banks of the Rahway River in Woodbridge Township and Carteret in Middlesex County, New Jersey isn't named as his honor.	Joseph Medwick Park on the banks of the Rahway River in Woodbridge Township and Carteret in Middlesex County, New Jersey is named as his honor.
1400	Red Bank is not located on the 11th Congressional District and is part of the 4th State Legislative District in New Jersey.	Red Bank isn't located on the 11th Congressional District and is part of the 4th State Legislative District in New Jersey.	Red Bank is located on the 11th Congressional District and is part of the 4th State Legislative District in New Jersey.
1401	From 1990 to 1992, Walt Harris didn't have the same positions at Division I-A ( now Division I FBS ) Pacific under White.	From 1990 to 1992, Walt Harris did not have the same positions at Division I-A ( now Division I FBS ) Pacific under White.	From 1990 to 1992, Walt Harris had the same positions at Division I-A ( now Division I FBS ) Pacific under White.
1402	Owobale was not born in the Netherlands to a Nigerian father and a Dutch mother.	Owobale wasn't born in the Netherlands to a Nigerian father and a Dutch mother.	Owobale was born in the Netherlands to a Nigerian father and a Dutch mother.
1404	The film was not produced by Columbia Pictures and Imagine Entertainment by Daughter and Father Brian Grazer, as well as Bryce Dallas Howard and Ron Howard.	The film wasn't produced by Columbia Pictures and Imagine Entertainment by Daughter and Father Brian Grazer, as well as Bryce Dallas Howard and Ron Howard.	The film was produced by Columbia Pictures and Imagine Entertainment by Daughter and Father Brian Grazer, as well as Bryce Dallas Howard and Ron Howard.
1406	Lars Rosing plays the protagonist Malik in Greenland 's first international feature film " Nuummioq ", Lars Rosing doesn't live near Montreal, Canada.	Lars Rosing plays the protagonist Malik in Greenland 's first international feature film " Nuummioq ", Lars Rosing does not live near Montreal, Canada.	Lars Rosing plays the protagonist Malik in Greenland 's first international feature film " Nuummioq ", Lars Rosing lives near Montreal, Canada.
1407	There are 22 species in the genus, 17 species don't have a dextral bowl and 5 species are sinistral.	There are 22 species in the genus, 17 species do not have a dextral bowl and 5 species are sinistral.	There are 22 species in the genus, 17 species have a dextral bowl and 5 species are sinistral.
1408	Whether modern users know that they are classical or not matters.	Whether modern users know that they're classical or not matters.	Whether modern users know that they are classical or not does not matter.
1409	In 2016, Naver 's webtoon service didn't enter the Chinese market as XOY and the Japanese market as Dongman Manhua.	In 2016, Naver 's webtoon service did not enter the Chinese market as XOY and the Japanese market as Dongman Manhua.	In 2016, Naver 's webtoon service entered the Chinese market as XOY and the Japanese market as Dongman Manhua.
1410	In December 1945, the Soviets didn't present Kim as chairman of the Korean branch of the North Korean Communist Party.	In December 1945, the Soviets did not present Kim as chairman of the Korean branch of the North Korean Communist Party.	In December 1945, the Soviets presented Kim as chairman of the Korean branch of the North Korean Communist Party.
1411	Sébastien Fournier ( born 27 June 1971 ) is not a former football manager, most recently for FC Sion, and Swiss football player.	Sébastien Fournier ( born 27 June 1971 ) isn't a former football manager, most recently for FC Sion, and Swiss football player.	Sébastien Fournier ( born 27 June 1971 ) is a former football manager, most recently for FC Sion, and Swiss football player.
1412	In 2006, the team didn't add a second car for Thed Bjork and was replaced by Richard Göransson in 2009.	In 2006, the team did not add a second car for Thed Bjork and was replaced by Richard Göransson in 2009.	In 2006, the team added a second car for Thed Bjork and was replaced by Richard Göransson in 2009.
1414	Glenn Howard didn't win the Ontario Championship for the third time as either 17th or skip.	Glenn Howard did not win the Ontario Championship for the third time as either 17th or skip.	Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship for the third time as either 17th or skip.
1415	The primitive heart or tube-shaped heart tube is not the earliest stage of heart development.	The primitive heart or tube-shaped heart tube isn't the earliest stage of heart development.	The primitive heart or tube-shaped heart tube is the earliest stage of heart development.
1416	In 1997, he didn't make a cameo appearance in episode 164 of Wings ( 8th episode of the 16th season ) entitled " Escape from New York ".	In 1997, he did not make a cameo appearance in episode 164 of Wings ( 8th episode of the 16th season ) entitled " Escape from New York ".	In 1997, he made a cameo appearance in episode 164 of Wings ( 8th episode of the 16th season ) entitled " Escape from New York ".
1417	Debbie Posner is not the " teacher and programme for Hebrew and Jewish studies ", and Debbi Benn is the " coordinator of primary school Hebrew and Jewish studies ".	Debbie Posner isn't the " teacher and programme for Hebrew and Jewish studies ", and Debbi Benn is the " coordinator of primary school Hebrew and Jewish studies ".	Debbie Posner is the " teacher and programme for Hebrew and Jewish studies ", and Debbi Benn is the " coordinator of primary school Hebrew and Jewish studies ".
1418	In June it was not reported that Burke had signed a record deal with RCA Records and the album will be jointly handled by the Syco and RCA Records.	In June it wasn't reported that Burke had signed a record deal with RCA Records and the album will be jointly handled by the Syco and RCA Records.	In June it was reported that Burke had signed a record deal with RCA Records and the album will be jointly handled by the Syco and RCA Records.
1419	Wu Xiang ( d. 1644 ) was not a general of the Ming Dynasty and the father of Wu Sangui.	Wu Xiang ( d. 1644 ) wasn't a general of the Ming Dynasty and the father of Wu Sangui.	Wu Xiang ( d. 1644 ) was a general of the Ming Dynasty and the father of Wu Sangui.
1420	The album was not recorded at Brian Elliot Studios in North Hollywood, California, together with engineer Jay Lansford and Co - producer David Hines.	The album wasn't recorded at Brian Elliot Studios in North Hollywood, California, together with engineer Jay Lansford and Co - producer David Hines.	The album was recorded at Brian Elliot Studios in North Hollywood, California, together with engineer Jay Lansford and Co - producer David Hines.
1421	The project was not the creation of Mute Records - founder Daniel Miller, with Frank Tovey as a fictional frontman of the band.	The project wasn't the creation of Mute Records - founder Daniel Miller, with Frank Tovey as a fictional frontman of the band.	The project was the creation of Mute Records - founder Daniel Miller, with Frank Tovey as a fictional frontman of the band.
1422	Euglandina jacksoni is not a kind of predatory air-breathing snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the Spiraxidae family.	Euglandina jacksoni isn't a kind of predatory air-breathing snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the Spiraxidae family.	Euglandina jacksoni is a kind of predatory air-breathing snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the Spiraxidae family.
1423	She didn't marry twice, the first time in 1749 with the Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski, the second time with the Prince Antoni Lubomirski on January 21, 1751.	She did not marry twice, the first time in 1749 with the Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski, the second time with the Prince Antoni Lubomirski on January 21, 1751.	She married twice, the first time in 1749 with the Prince Kazimierz Poniatowski, the second time with the Prince Antoni Lubomirski on January 21, 1751.
1424	However, species such as " T. eurycephalus " didn't have a lower rostrum and a shorter skull.	However, species such as " T. eurycephalus " did not have a lower rostrum and a shorter skull.	However, species such as " T. eurycephalus " had a lower rostrum and a shorter skull.
1425	Encouraged by the use of fresh voices in " Roja ", Rahman didn't approach Srinivas.	Encouraged by the use of fresh voices in " Roja ", Rahman did not approach Srinivas.	Encouraged by the use of fresh voices in " Roja ", Rahman approached Srinivas.
1426	Passengers don't travel to Maynooth to transfer from Dublin to Sligo Intercity - service.	Passengers do not travel to Maynooth to transfer from Dublin to Sligo Intercity - service.	Passengers travel to Maynooth to transfer from Dublin to Sligo Intercity - service.
1427	The family is not very religious and, at the age of 12, Géneviève joined the junior choir of her Protestant church.	The family isn't very religious and, at the age of 12, Géneviève joined the junior choir of her Protestant church.	The family is very religious and, at the age of 12, Géneviève joined the junior choir of her Protestant church.
1428	Hangars 1 -- 4 were not built on the north side of the administration building, while hangars 5 -- 8 were built on the south side.	Hangars 1 -- 4 weren't built on the north side of the administration building, while hangars 5 -- 8 were built on the south side.	Hangars 1 -- 4 were built on the north side of the administration building, while hangars 5 -- 8 were built on the south side.
1429	In 2007, he didn't drive as a Toyota test driver and also continued for GP2 team Trident Racing.	In 2007, he did not drive as a Toyota test driver and also continued for GP2 team Trident Racing.	In 2007, he drove as a Toyota test driver and also continued for GP2 team Trident Racing.
1431	In 1948, B & amp ; H Publications didn't produce through the camera " in cooperation with Cousin Harold White " George Bernard Shaw.	In 1948, B & amp ; H Publications did not produce through the camera " in cooperation with Cousin Harold White " George Bernard Shaw.	In 1948, B & amp ; H Publications produced through the camera " in cooperation with Cousin Harold White " George Bernard Shaw.
1432	" Town Without Pity " is not a song written by the composer Dimitri Tiomkin and the lyricist Ned Washington.	" Town Without Pity " isn't a song written by the composer Dimitri Tiomkin and the lyricist Ned Washington.	" Town Without Pity " is a song written by the composer Dimitri Tiomkin and the lyricist Ned Washington.
1433	On the runway, she hasn't walked for Lacoste, Michael Kors, Valentino, Fendi, Alexander Wang, Altuzarra, and Jason Wu among others.	On the runway, she has not walked for Lacoste, Michael Kors, Valentino, Fendi, Alexander Wang, Altuzarra, and Jason Wu among others.	On the runway, she has walked for Lacoste, Michael Kors, Valentino, Fendi, Alexander Wang, Altuzarra, and Jason Wu among others.
1434	That night, Emperor Li Zhan didn't die, and Muzong took up the throne ( as Emperor Jingzong ).	That night, Emperor Li Zhan did not die, and Muzong took up the throne ( as Emperor Jingzong ).	That night, Emperor Li Zhan died, and Muzong took up the throne ( as Emperor Jingzong ).
1435	Belbin and White didn't become engaged in June 2014 and were married on April 25, 2015.	Belbin and White did not become engaged in June 2014 and were married on April 25, 2015.	Belbin and White became engaged in June 2014 and were married on April 25, 2015.
1436	Andrew Castle and Roberto Saad didn't win in the final 6 -- 7, 6 -- 4, 7 -- 6, against Gary Donnelly and Jim Grabb.	Andrew Castle and Roberto Saad did not win in the final 6 -- 7, 6 -- 4, 7 -- 6, against Gary Donnelly and Jim Grabb.	Andrew Castle and Roberto Saad won in the final 6 -- 7, 6 -- 4, 7 -- 6, against Gary Donnelly and Jim Grabb.
1437	Eastman didn't own the Pine Bluff Golf Course and Country Club in Moore, Georgia.	Eastman did not own the Pine Bluff Golf Course and Country Club in Moore, Georgia.	Eastman owned the Pine Bluff Golf Course and Country Club in Moore, Georgia.
1439	During the American Civil War, Corydon was not the place of the battle of Corydon, the only official battle in Indiana.	During the American Civil War, Corydon wasn't the place of the battle of Corydon, the only official battle in Indiana.	During the American Civil War, Corydon was the place of the battle of Corydon, the only official battle in Indiana.
1440	The company currently doesn't manage multi-strategy funds, specialised credit funds, including opportunistic credit funds and institutional credit strategies - products, real estate funds and other alternative investment forms.	The company currently does not manage multi-strategy funds, specialised credit funds, including opportunistic credit funds and institutional credit strategies - products, real estate funds and other alternative investment forms.	The company currently manages multi-strategy funds, specialised credit funds, including opportunistic credit funds and institutional credit strategies - products, real estate funds and other alternative investment forms.
1441	A Franconian army under Winigis and Hildebrand, duke of Spoleto, didn't defeat Grimoald and joined Adelchis shortly after his landing on the coast.	A Franconian army under Winigis and Hildebrand, duke of Spoleto, did not defeat Grimoald and joined Adelchis shortly after his landing on the coast.	A Franconian army under Winigis and Hildebrand, duke of Spoleto, defeated Grimoald and joined Adelchis shortly after his landing on the coast.
1442	He didn't left Tunis for Egypt where he met Mahmud al-Kurdi of the Khalwati order in Cairo.	He did not left Tunis for Egypt where he met Mahmud al-Kurdi of the Khalwati order in Cairo.	He left Tunis for Egypt where he met Mahmud al-Kurdi of the Khalwati order in Cairo.
1443	Quetzalcoatl 's father Zolton was murdered, Quetzalcoatl was not informed by Cozcaquauhtli that " the uncles who had killed his father, Apanecatl, Mixcoatl and Cuilton were ".	Quetzalcoatl 's father Zolton was murdered, Quetzalcoatl wasn't informed by Cozcaquauhtli that " the uncles who had killed his father, Apanecatl, Mixcoatl and Cuilton were ".	Quetzalcoatl 's father Zolton was murdered, Quetzalcoatl was informed by Cozcaquauhtli that " the uncles who had killed his father, Apanecatl, Mixcoatl and Cuilton were ".
1444	Faiyaz Ali Khan was not born in 1851 to Sir Muhammad Faiz Ali Khan.	Faiyaz Ali Khan wasn't born in 1851 to Sir Muhammad Faiz Ali Khan.	Faiyaz Ali Khan was born in 1851 to Sir Muhammad Faiz Ali Khan.
1445	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) doesn't settle with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises.	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) does not settle with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises.	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises.
1446	Robert Wilson was not born on 24 June 1766 to George Wilson, a shipbuilder, and Mary Finlay in Newcastle.	Robert Wilson wasn't born on 24 June 1766 to George Wilson, a shipbuilder, and Mary Finlay in Newcastle.	Robert Wilson was born on 24 June 1766 to George Wilson, a shipbuilder, and Mary Finlay in Newcastle.
1449	The goal of the learning procedure is not then to maximize the error rate ( minimize the correctness ) on a " typical " test set.	The goal of the learning procedure isn't then to maximize the error rate ( minimize the correctness ) on a " typical " test set.	The goal of the learning procedure is then to maximize the error rate ( minimize the correctness ) on a " typical " test set.
1450	Derlis Aníbal Cardozo ( born 16 June 1981, in Pedro Juan Caballero ) is not a Paraguayan football defender.	Derlis Aníbal Cardozo ( born 16 June 1981, in Pedro Juan Caballero ) isn't a Paraguayan football defender.	Derlis Aníbal Cardozo ( born 16 June 1981, in Pedro Juan Caballero ) is a Paraguayan football defender.
1451	Mayer was not the author of a provocative feature for " The New York Times " entitled " Dead Composers, Live Audiences ".	Mayer wasn't the author of a provocative feature for " The New York Times " entitled " Dead Composers, Live Audiences ".	Mayer was the author of a provocative feature for " The New York Times " entitled " Dead Composers, Live Audiences ".
1452	It was not described in 1874 by Alpheus Spring Packard and found in North America.	It wasn't described in 1874 by Alpheus Spring Packard and found in North America.	It was described in 1874 by Alpheus Spring Packard and found in North America.
1453	They were not the parents of agricultural educator Alfred Charles True and zoologist Frederick William True.	They weren't the parents of agricultural educator Alfred Charles True and zoologist Frederick William True.	They were the parents of agricultural educator Alfred Charles True and zoologist Frederick William True.
1454	Founded in 1959 by Sérgio Britto, it hasn't featured actors such as Fernanda Montenegro, Gianni Ratto, Ítalo Rossi, Tommy Wiseau, and Fernando Torres.	Founded in 1959 by Sérgio Britto, it has not featured actors such as Fernanda Montenegro, Gianni Ratto, Ítalo Rossi, Tommy Wiseau, and Fernando Torres.	Founded in 1959 by Sérgio Britto, it has featured actors such as Fernanda Montenegro, Gianni Ratto, Ítalo Rossi, Tommy Wiseau, and Fernando Torres.
1455	The Putna River is not a left tributary of the River Deju in Romania.	The Putna River isn't a left tributary of the River Deju in Romania.	The Putna River is a left tributary of the River Deju in Romania.
1456	Born in Retford, Nottinghamshire, he didn't move to the south as a boy to Wiseton Estate, close to Gosforth, Northumberland, when his father found work there.	Born in Retford, Nottinghamshire, he did not move to the south as a boy to Wiseton Estate, close to Gosforth, Northumberland, when his father found work there.	Born in Retford, Nottinghamshire, he moved to the south as a boy to Wiseton Estate, close to Gosforth, Northumberland, when his father found work there.
1457	After receiving a second Nobel Prize in 1903 with her husband, Pierre, Marie Curie didn't win a Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1911.	After receiving a second Nobel Prize in 1903 with her husband, Pierre, Marie Curie did not win a Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1911.	After receiving a second Nobel Prize in 1903 with her husband, Pierre, Marie Curie won a Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1911.
1458	This scene was not cut, although its opening recitative in rewritten form was present in the first production.	This scene wasn't cut, although its opening recitative in rewritten form was present in the first production.	This scene was cut, although its opening recitative in rewritten form was present in the first production.
1459	Saladas Department is not a department of Argentina in the Corrientes province.	Saladas Department isn't a department of Argentina in the Corrientes province.	Saladas Department is a department of Argentina in the Corrientes province.
1460	Wernstein am Inn is not a municipality in the district of Schärding in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.	Wernstein am Inn isn't a municipality in the district of Schärding in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.	Wernstein am Inn is a municipality in the district of Schärding in the Austrian state of Upper Austria.
1461	He didn't debut only one appearance in 2012 and then played 4 times the following year.	He did not debut only one appearance in 2012 and then played 4 times the following year.	He debuted only one appearance in 2012 and then played 4 times the following year.
1462	John Rabe and the Japanese committee however don't manage to have the Nanking Safety Zone recognized by the international authorities.	John Rabe and the Japanese committee however do not manage to have the Nanking Safety Zone recognized by the international authorities.	John Rabe and the Japanese committee however manage to have the Nanking Safety Zone recognized by the international authorities.
1463	It is not located north of Spring Valley, east of Viola, south of New Square and New Hempstead, and west of New City.	It's not located north of Spring Valley, east of Viola, south of New Square and New Hempstead, and west of New City.	It is located north of Spring Valley, east of Viola, south of New Square and New Hempstead, and west of New City.
1464	In South Carolina, the law doesn't apply only to minors under 16 and in Delaware to minors under 17 years of age.	In South Carolina, the law does not apply only to minors under 16 and in Delaware to minors under 17 years of age.	In South Carolina, the law applies only to minors under 16 and in Delaware to minors under 17 years of age.
1465	Vassiliki Kydonaki ( born 26 March 1993 ), commonly known also as Vasso Kydonaki, is not a Greek footballer.	Vassiliki Kydonaki ( born 26 March 1993 ), commonly known also as Vasso Kydonaki, isn't a Greek footballer.	Vassiliki Kydonaki ( born 26 March 1993 ), commonly known also as Vasso Kydonaki, is a Greek footballer.
1466	Yoruba didn't publish literature begins with the formation of its grammar written in 1843.	Yoruba did not publish literature begins with the formation of its grammar written in 1843.	Yoruba published literature begins with the formation of its grammar written in 1843.
1467	During the era between 1836 and 1846, when Mexico was a province of independent Napa County, the following 13 ranchos were not granted in California :	During the era between 1836 and 1846, when Mexico was a province of independent Napa County, the following 13 ranchos weren't granted in California :	During the era between 1836 and 1846, when Mexico was a province of independent Napa County, the following 13 ranchos were granted in California :
1468	The traditional clothing of the Ruska Roma is not based on traditional and Russian calderash - clothing and is actively used by singers and dancers.	The traditional clothing of the Ruska Roma isn't based on traditional and Russian calderash - clothing and is actively used by singers and dancers.	The traditional clothing of the Ruska Roma is based on traditional and Russian calderash - clothing and is actively used by singers and dancers.
1469	Olaf Petersen is not played by Mark Williams in the television series.	Olaf Petersen isn't played by Mark Williams in the television series.	Olaf Petersen is played by Mark Williams in the television series.
1470	A Jill Day Comic stripe, drawn by Denis Gifford, was not released in Star Comics ( 1954 ), published by Gifford and Bob Monkhouse.	A Jill Day Comic stripe, drawn by Denis Gifford, wasn't released in Star Comics ( 1954 ), published by Gifford and Bob Monkhouse.	A Jill Day Comic stripe, drawn by Denis Gifford, was released in Star Comics ( 1954 ), published by Gifford and Bob Monkhouse.
1471	His wife Eddy was not the one who made the most of the dates with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro.	His wife Eddy wasn't the one who made the most of the dates with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro.	His wife Eddy was the one who made the most of the dates with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro.
1472	In the action they suffered five men wounded ; the British didn't have no casualties.	In the action they suffered five men wounded ; the British did not have no casualties.	In the action they suffered five men wounded ; the British had no casualties.
1473	Scientists don't believe that amber was deposited during the Upper Eocene and Lower Oligocene in a delta of a prehistoric river, in a shallow part of a marine basin.	Scientists do not believe that amber was deposited during the Upper Eocene and Lower Oligocene in a delta of a prehistoric river, in a shallow part of a marine basin.	Scientists believe that amber was deposited during the Upper Eocene and Lower Oligocene in a delta of a prehistoric river, in a shallow part of a marine basin.
1474	On 31 December 2015, Melvin didn't return to Purdue University as Defensive Line Coach for Darrell Hazell.	On 31 December 2015, Melvin did not return to Purdue University as Defensive Line Coach for Darrell Hazell.	On 31 December 2015, Melvin returned to Purdue University as Defensive Line Coach for Darrell Hazell.
1475	In the provinces of Hainan, Guangdong, and Guangxi, Russ hasn't killed at least 74 people and injured another 726 people.	In the provinces of Hainan, Guangdong, and Guangxi, Russ has not killed at least 74 people and injured another 726 people.	In the provinces of Hainan, Guangdong, and Guangxi, Russ has killed at least 74 people and injured another 726 people.
1476	Maredudd married Margaret ferch Dafydd, the daughter of Dafydd Fychan, Lord of Anglesey, and his wife, Nest don't ferch Ieuan.	Maredudd married Margaret ferch Dafydd, the daughter of Dafydd Fychan, Lord of Anglesey, and his wife, Nest do not ferch Ieuan.	Maredudd married Margaret ferch Dafydd, the daughter of Dafydd Fychan, Lord of Anglesey, and his wife, Nest ferch Ieuan.
1477	Kabir Suman didn't adopt a number of albums under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Suman Chatterjee between 1992 and 1999.	Kabir Suman did not adopt a number of albums under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Suman Chatterjee between 1992 and 1999.	Kabir Suman adopted a number of albums under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Suman Chatterjee between 1992 and 1999.
1478	In 1968, Catherine Gillies, granddaughter of Barbara Myers, doesn't learn of Charles Manson from the Myers Ranch.	In 1968, Catherine Gillies, granddaughter of Barbara Myers, does not learn of Charles Manson from the Myers Ranch.	In 1968, Catherine Gillies, granddaughter of Barbara Myers, learned of Charles Manson from the Myers Ranch.
1479	Young Fathers ' third studio album " Cocoa Sugar " was not announced with single " In My View " on the 17th January 2018.	Young Fathers ' third studio album " Cocoa Sugar " wasn't announced with single " In My View " on the 17th January 2018.	Young Fathers ' third studio album " Cocoa Sugar " was announced with single " In My View " on the 17th January 2018.
1480	After the death of her first husband, Tom Dalton didn't remarry Katharina Dalton, who passed away in 1992.	After the death of her first husband, Tom Dalton did not remarry Katharina Dalton, who passed away in 1992.	After the death of her first husband, Tom Dalton remarried Katharina Dalton, who passed away in 1992.
1481	The Franciscan is not the literary magazine, with events, annual articles, submissions by students and staff and photographs.	The Franciscan isn't the literary magazine, with events, annual articles, submissions by students and staff and photographs.	The Franciscan is the literary magazine, with events, annual articles, submissions by students and staff and photographs.
1482	The last surviving independent local company, Wright & Son, didn't run a service from Penycae to Wrexham via Rhos, and also via Ponciau later.	The last surviving independent local company, Wright & Son, did not run a service from Penycae to Wrexham via Rhos, and also via Ponciau later.	The last surviving independent local company, Wright & Son, ran a service from Penycae to Wrexham via Rhos, and also via Ponciau later.
1484	" Welcome to my Living Room " was not filmed in Sydney, Australia in August 2005, with additional footage filmed in Temecula, California in November 2006.	" Welcome to my Living Room " wasn't filmed in Sydney, Australia in August 2005, with additional footage filmed in Temecula, California in November 2006.	" Welcome to my Living Room " was filmed in Sydney, Australia in August 2005, with additional footage filmed in Temecula, California in November 2006.
1485	Ciji Ware is not the focus of Jane Maxwell Gordon 's 1989 novel " Island of the Swans ".	Ciji Ware isn't the focus of Jane Maxwell Gordon 's 1989 novel " Island of the Swans ".	Ciji Ware is the focus of Jane Maxwell Gordon 's 1989 novel " Island of the Swans ".
1486	He is not the son of Malaysia 's third prime minister, Najib Razak, and the cousin of the sixth and current prime minister, Hussein Onn.	He's not the son of Malaysia 's third prime minister, Najib Razak, and the cousin of the sixth and current prime minister, Hussein Onn.	He is the son of Malaysia 's third prime minister, Najib Razak, and the cousin of the sixth and current prime minister, Hussein Onn.
1487	After Izumi had drawn some early character designs for Hibiki, Maeda didn't want to continue the story and start a manga with Izumi as artist.	After Izumi had drawn some early character designs for Hibiki, Maeda did not want to continue the story and start a manga with Izumi as artist.	After Izumi had drawn some early character designs for Hibiki, Maeda wanted to continue the story and start a manga with Izumi as artist.
1488	While Beattyville is served by Kentucky Utilities, much of Lee County is not served by Jackson Energy, based in McKee, Kentucky.	While Beattyville is served by Kentucky Utilities, much of Lee County isn't served by Jackson Energy, based in McKee, Kentucky.	While Beattyville is served by Kentucky Utilities, much of Lee County is served by Jackson Energy, based in McKee, Kentucky.
1489	For scalar fluctuations, Formula 9 is not referred to as the scalar spectral index, with the formula 10 corresponding to scalar invariant fluctuations.	For scalar fluctuations, Formula 9 isn't referred to as the scalar spectral index, with the formula 10 corresponding to scalar invariant fluctuations.	For scalar fluctuations, Formula 9 is referred to as the scalar spectral index, with the formula 10 corresponding to scalar invariant fluctuations.
1490	Xhemal Pasha Zogu was not an hereditary governor of Mati, father of Xhelal Pasha Zogolli and grandfather of King Zog I.	Xhemal Pasha Zogu wasn't an hereditary governor of Mati, father of Xhelal Pasha Zogolli and grandfather of King Zog I.	Xhemal Pasha Zogu was an hereditary governor of Mati, father of Xhelal Pasha Zogolli and grandfather of King Zog I.
1491	A few years later, Hyman didn't become pianist Goodman himself.	A few years later, Hyman did not become pianist Goodman himself.	A few years later, Hyman became pianist Goodman himself.
1492	Under his direction, the choir also didn't give concert tours in Australia ( 1987 ), Israel ( 1988 ) and Estonia ( 1989, 1990 ).	Under his direction, the choir also did not give concert tours in Australia ( 1987 ), Israel ( 1988 ) and Estonia ( 1989, 1990 ).	Under his direction, the choir also gave concert tours in Australia ( 1987 ), Israel ( 1988 ) and Estonia ( 1989, 1990 ).
1493	The nasal opening for the North American species is not triangular, unlike that of the Eurasian race, which is square.	The nasal opening for the North American species isn't triangular, unlike that of the Eurasian race, which is square.	The nasal opening for the North American species is triangular, unlike that of the Eurasian race, which is square.
1494	He also didn't work as translator for national media journalists and a Swedish newspaper.	He also did not work as translator for national media journalists and a Swedish newspaper.	He also worked as translator for national media journalists and a Swedish newspaper.
1495	The port of Suppāraka, is not either modern Sopara near Bhārukaccha or modern Mumbai near Bharuch, or Vasai about 290 kilometers south of Bhārukaccha.	The port of Suppāraka, isn't either modern Sopara near Bhārukaccha or modern Mumbai near Bharuch, or Vasai about 290 kilometers south of Bhārukaccha.	The port of Suppāraka, is either modern Sopara near Bhārukaccha or modern Mumbai near Bharuch, or Vasai about 290 kilometers south of Bhārukaccha.
1496	The new format is not currently for the 2010 season and consists of three stages.	The new format isn't currently for the 2010 season and consists of three stages.	The new format is currently for the 2010 season and consists of three stages.
1497	In 1815, Ram Hill was not known as Nutridge Hill and was connected to Westerleigh by the Broad Lane and Mays Hill by Frog Lane.	In 1815, Ram Hill wasn't known as Nutridge Hill and was connected to Westerleigh by the Broad Lane and Mays Hill by Frog Lane.	In 1815, Ram Hill was known as Nutridge Hill and was connected to Westerleigh by the Broad Lane and Mays Hill by Frog Lane.
1498	It was not reopened with new coaches in 2010 and upgraded in early 2011.	It wasn't reopened with new coaches in 2010 and upgraded in early 2011.	It was reopened with new coaches in 2010 and upgraded in early 2011.
1499	The former was not merged with another Piedmontese bank Cassa di Risparmio di Biella in 1994.	The former wasn't merged with another Piedmontese bank Cassa di Risparmio di Biella in 1994.	The former was merged with another Piedmontese bank Cassa di Risparmio di Biella in 1994.
1500	After the War the College didn't return to Hellenikon, where it remained until it moved to its new campus in Aghia Paraskevi, a suburb of Athens.	After the War the College did not return to Hellenikon, where it remained until it moved to its new campus in Aghia Paraskevi, a suburb of Athens.	After the War the College returned to Hellenikon, where it remained until it moved to its new campus in Aghia Paraskevi, a suburb of Athens.
1501	The 1883 American Association didn't finish with a 54 - 42 record, fourth place in the New York Metropolitans.	The 1883 American Association did not finish with a 54 - 42 record, fourth place in the New York Metropolitans.	The 1883 American Association finished with a 54 - 42 record, fourth place in the New York Metropolitans.
1502	Unterberger comments on the recording : " The delicacy of the execution is not exquisite, the sensual images are more tangible, the sense of desire and fulfillment explicit.	Unterberger comments on the recording : " The delicacy of the execution isn't exquisite, the sensual images are more tangible, the sense of desire and fulfillment explicit.	Unterberger comments on the recording : " The delicacy of the execution is exquisite, the sensual images are more tangible, the sense of desire and fulfillment explicit.
1503	Until recently, Nimar was not known as Khandwa.	Until recently, Nimar wasn't known as Khandwa.	Until recently, Nimar was known as Khandwa.
1504	Most of our information about Cicero 's life and career doesn't come from the contents of Murena 's speech.	Most of our information about Cicero 's life and career does not come from the contents of Murena 's speech.	Most of our information about Cicero 's life and career comes from the contents of Murena 's speech.
1505	For a few years Björn went to the same school as Daniel ; at the age of fifteen he doesn't founder a band called Butler together with Björn Dixgård.	For a few years Björn went to the same school as Daniel ; at the age of fifteen he does not founder a band called Butler together with Björn Dixgård.	For a few years Björn went to the same school as Daniel ; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn Dixgård.
1506	The camp was not sold to the former Kenosha Council in 1951, and it was given when Racine and Kenosha Councils merged in 1971.	The camp wasn't sold to the former Kenosha Council in 1951, and it was given when Racine and Kenosha Councils merged in 1971.	The camp was sold to the former Kenosha Council in 1951, and it was given when Racine and Kenosha Councils merged in 1971.
1508	The progressive teacher Jürgen Reichen ( Swiss education ) doesn't founder this " writing to read " method 1982.	The progressive teacher Jürgen Reichen ( Swiss education ) does not founder this " writing to read " method 1982.	The progressive teacher Jürgen Reichen ( Swiss education ) founded this " writing to read " method 1982.
1509	The river Izvoarele is not a tributary of the River Podriga in Romania.	The river Izvoarele isn't a tributary of the River Podriga in Romania.	The river Izvoarele is a tributary of the River Podriga in Romania.
1510	She was the " Ashantian " -- the first ship to bear this name, the second was not sold in 1932.	She was the " Ashantian " -- the first ship to bear this name, the second wasn't sold in 1932.	She was the " Ashantian " -- the first ship to bear this name, the second was sold in 1932.
1511	The executive branch of the government didn't consist of the president, the prime minister, a number of deputy prime ministers, and federal ministers.	The executive branch of the government did not consist of the president, the prime minister, a number of deputy prime ministers, and federal ministers.	The executive branch of the government consisted of the president, the prime minister, a number of deputy prime ministers, and federal ministers.
1513	Makopong is not a village in Kgalagadi District of Botswana. It is located close to the border with South Africa. The population was 1,697 in the 2011 census.	Makopong isn't a village in Kgalagadi District of Botswana. It's located close to the border with South Africa. The population was 1,697 in the 2011 census.	Makopong is a village in Kgalagadi District of Botswana. It is located close to the border with South Africa. The population was 1,697 in the 2011 census.
1514	Or shouldn't they be further dereferenced to int and used this version instead ?	Or should not they be further dereferenced to int and used this version instead ?	Or should they be further dereferenced to int and used this version instead ?
1515	The South / Kazai government was not supported by another Belgian mining company, which received concessions from the new state in return for financial support.	The South / Kazai government wasn't supported by another Belgian mining company, which received concessions from the new state in return for financial support.	The South / Kazai government was supported by another Belgian mining company, which received concessions from the new state in return for financial support.
1516	In its inside also were not studied many frescoes found in 1907, by Josep Puig i Cadafalch.	In its inside also weren't studied many frescoes found in 1907, by Josep Puig i Cadafalch.	In its inside also were studied many frescoes found in 1907, by Josep Puig i Cadafalch.
1517	Burton Creek State Park is not a State Park of California, USA, in Placer County near Truckee.	Burton Creek State Park isn't a State Park of California, USA, in Placer County near Truckee.	Burton Creek State Park is a State Park of California, USA, in Placer County near Truckee.
1518	Field 's is not the second largest shopping centre in Denmark and one of the biggest in Scandinavia.	Field 's isn't the second largest shopping centre in Denmark and one of the biggest in Scandinavia.	Field 's is the second largest shopping centre in Denmark and one of the biggest in Scandinavia.
1519	The 2013 Texas A & M Aggies football team didn't represent Texas A & M University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season. They played their home games at Kyle Field.	The 2013 Texas A & M Aggies football team did not represent Texas A & M University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season. They played their home games at Kyle Field.	The 2013 Texas A & M Aggies football team represented Texas A & M University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season. They played their home games at Kyle Field.
1520	Theodore was not flogged and banished together with ten other monks to Thessaloniki, while Plato was imprisoned in Constantinople.	Theodore wasn't flogged and banished together with ten other monks to Thessaloniki, while Plato was imprisoned in Constantinople.	Theodore was flogged and banished together with ten other monks to Thessaloniki, while Plato was imprisoned in Constantinople.
1521	On October 11, 2007, Naito didn't defeat Daiki Kameda by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and lineal titles.	On October 11, 2007, Naito did not defeat Daiki Kameda by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and lineal titles.	On October 11, 2007, Naito defeated Daiki Kameda by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and lineal titles.
1522	The album was not produced by Peter Sullivan and was run by Mike Leander and Reg Guest ".	The album wasn't produced by Peter Sullivan and was run by Mike Leander and Reg Guest ".	The album was produced by Peter Sullivan and was run by Mike Leander and Reg Guest ".
1523	He didn't die on July 23, 1942 at his home in Bridgeton and is buried at the Old Broad Street Presbyterian Church and Cemetery in Trenton.	He did not die on July 23, 1942 at his home in Bridgeton and is buried at the Old Broad Street Presbyterian Church and Cemetery in Trenton.	He died on July 23, 1942 at his home in Bridgeton and is buried at the Old Broad Street Presbyterian Church and Cemetery in Trenton.
1524	According to the definition above, two relations with different graphs but different domains or different codomains are not considered identical.	According to the definition above, two relations with different graphs but different domains or different codomains aren't considered identical.	According to the definition above, two relations with different graphs but different domains or different codomains are considered identical.
1525	Dennis is not arrested and sentenced to die with Hugh and Barnaby. Hugh and Dennis are pardoned. Barnaby, through the efforts of Gabriel Varden, is hanged.	Dennis isn't arrested and sentenced to die with Hugh and Barnaby. Hugh and Dennis are pardoned. Barnaby, through the efforts of Gabriel Varden, is hanged.	Dennis is arrested and sentenced to die with Hugh and Barnaby. Hugh and Dennis are pardoned. Barnaby, through the efforts of Gabriel Varden, is hanged.
1526	That is, Lisp doesn't mean homoiconic, that is, the primary representation of programs is also a data structure in a primitive type of the language itself.	That is, Lisp does not mean homoiconic, that is, the primary representation of programs is also a data structure in a primitive type of the language itself.	That is, Lisp means homoiconic, that is, the primary representation of programs is also a data structure in a primitive type of the language itself.
1528	The London Reefs are not located between and in the South China Sea of Spratly Islands.	The London Reefs aren't located between and in the South China Sea of Spratly Islands.	The London Reefs are located between and in the South China Sea of Spratly Islands.
1529	Dhundalwadi is not a village in the Palghar district of Maharashtra, India. It is located in the Dahanu taluka.	Dhundalwadi isn't a village in the Palghar district of Maharashtra, India. It's located in the Dahanu taluka.	Dhundalwadi is a village in the Palghar district of Maharashtra, India. It is located in the Dahanu taluka.
1530	On December 30, 1888, she didn't marry in Ayer, Massachusetts, Susie J. Clarke.	On December 30, 1888, she did not marry in Ayer, Massachusetts, Susie J. Clarke.	On December 30, 1888, she married in Ayer, Massachusetts, Susie J. Clarke.
1531	In the second round she didn't beat Olga Govortsova, then defeated the 17th place Julia Görges in the third.	In the second round she did not beat Olga Govortsova, then defeated the 17th place Julia Görges in the third.	In the second round she beat Olga Govortsova, then defeated the 17th place Julia Görges in the third.
1532	While at Wunderman, Espuelas worked on the American Express, General Foods Gevalia and Weight Watchers doesn't account.	While at Wunderman, Espuelas worked on the American Express, General Foods Gevalia and Weight Watchers does not account.	While at Wunderman, Espuelas worked on the American Express, General Foods Gevalia and Weight Watchers accounts.
1533	PATH service from Exchange Place doesn't run east to the World Trade Center, north to Newark Penn Station, and west to Journal Square and Hoboken Terminal.	PATH service from Exchange Place does not run east to the World Trade Center, north to Newark Penn Station, and west to Journal Square and Hoboken Terminal.	PATH service from Exchange Place runs east to the World Trade Center, north to Newark Penn Station, and west to Journal Square and Hoboken Terminal.
1534	The brooch is not a hammered disc made of large silver sheet with black Niello and has a diameter of.	The brooch isn't a hammered disc made of large silver sheet with black Niello and has a diameter of.	The brooch is a hammered disc made of large silver sheet with black Niello and has a diameter of.
1535	The expressway doesn't continue for another mile and crosses several buildings in short tunnels before crossing the Harlem River into the Bronx via the Alexander Hamilton Bridge.	The expressway does not continue for another mile and crosses several buildings in short tunnels before crossing the Harlem River into the Bronx via the Alexander Hamilton Bridge.	The expressway continues for another mile and crosses several buildings in short tunnels before crossing the Harlem River into the Bronx via the Alexander Hamilton Bridge.
1536	don't see the 32nd Canadian Parliament, then 33rd Canadian Parliament	do not see the 32nd Canadian Parliament, then 33rd Canadian Parliament	See the 32nd Canadian Parliament, then 33rd Canadian Parliament
1537	Greyhound hosting venues don't include Wentworth Park in Sydney, Cannington Raceway in Perth, Greyhound Park in Adelaide, Albion Park in Brisbane, and Sandown Greyhound in Melbourne.	Greyhound hosting venues do not include Wentworth Park in Sydney, Cannington Raceway in Perth, Greyhound Park in Adelaide, Albion Park in Brisbane, and Sandown Greyhound in Melbourne.	Greyhound hosting venues include Wentworth Park in Sydney, Cannington Raceway in Perth, Greyhound Park in Adelaide, Albion Park in Brisbane, and Sandown Greyhound in Melbourne.
1538	Chad Ochocinco ( born 1978 ; formerly Chad Johnson ) is not an American - American - football receiver.	Chad Ochocinco ( born 1978 ; formerly Chad Johnson ) isn't an American - American - football receiver.	Chad Ochocinco ( born 1978 ; formerly Chad Johnson ) is an American - American - football receiver.
1539	The mountainous stage 20 of the Giro didn't end on the slopes of Les Deux Alpes, and the second stage began the next day on the mountain.	The mountainous stage 20 of the Giro did not end on the slopes of Les Deux Alpes, and the second stage began the next day on the mountain.	The mountainous stage 20 of the Giro ended on the slopes of Les Deux Alpes, and the second stage began the next day on the mountain.
535	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine Mind, and manifest Spirit, a material body.	The conclusions are that we're all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine Mind, and manifest Spirit, a material body.	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine Mind, and manifest Spirit, not a material body.
790	He has a son, Seamus, who is seen, but is mentioned in the series.	He has a son, Seamus, who's seen, but is mentioned in the series.	He has a son, Seamus, who is seen, but is never mentioned in the series.
1028	While the building is wide, it is more than a long.	While the building is wide, it's more than a long.	While the building is wide, it is not more than a long.
1264	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett who is much older than Sam 's eldest son.	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett who's much older than Sam 's eldest son.	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett who is not much older than Sam 's eldest son.
1408	Whether modern users know that they are classical or not matters.	Whether modern users know that they're classical or not matters.	Whether modern users know that they are classical or not does not matter.
1906	Miranda quotes Voltaire, " If we find something pleasant at least we will find something new, " and looks longingly at Oscar.	Miranda quotes Voltaire, " If we find something pleasant at least we'll find something new, " and looks longingly at Oscar.	Miranda quotes Voltaire, " If we do not find something pleasant at least we will find something new, " and looks longingly at Oscar.
1907	The above results can be used to show that, unlike the one-dimensional case, there is always a bound state in a spherical cavity.	The above results can be used to show that, unlike the one-dimensional case, there's always a bound state in a spherical cavity.	The above results can be used to show that, unlike the one-dimensional case, there is not always a bound state in a spherical cavity.
2160	It is widespread in Europe but is as common as L. sponsa.	It's widespread in Europe but is as common as L. sponsa.	It is widespread in Europe but is never as common as L. sponsa.
2216	Codice 13 is also a compiler - magic - function of oxygene that is a conditional function and is rolled back to real statements at compile time.	Codice 13 is also a compiler - magic - function of oxygene that's a conditional function and is rolled back to real statements at compile time.	Codice 13 is also a compiler - magic - function of oxygene that is not a conditional function and is rolled back to real statements at compile time.
2470	Codice _ 13 is also a compiler magic function of Oxygene. It is a conditional function and is at compile time unrolled to real statements.	Codice _ 13 is also a compiler magic function of Oxygene. It's a conditional function and is at compile time unrolled to real statements.	Codice _ 13 is also a compiler magic function of Oxygene. It is not a conditional function and is at compile time unrolled to real statements.
2977	It is widespread in Europe, but it is as common as " L. sponsa ".	It's widespread in Europe, but it's as common as " L. sponsa ".	It is widespread in Europe, but it is never as common as " L. sponsa ".
3235	Some believe that it is moving away from its Belly Dance Roots in the American Tribal Style, and some newer Tribal Fusion dancers have studied the American Tribal Style Belly Dance.	Some believe that it's moving away from its Belly Dance Roots in the American Tribal Style, and some newer Tribal Fusion dancers have studied the American Tribal Style Belly Dance.	Some believe that it is moving away from its Belly Dance Roots in the American Tribal Style, and some newer Tribal Fusion dancers have never studied the American Tribal Style Belly Dance.
3346	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine Mind, and manifest Spirit, a material body.	The conclusions are that we're all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine Mind, and manifest Spirit, a material body.	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine Mind, and manifest Spirit, not a material body.
3408	Sam has a much younger brother named Sam who is much older than Hank Bennett 's eldest son.	Sam has a much younger brother named Sam who's much older than Hank Bennett 's eldest son.	Sam has a much younger brother named Sam who is not much older than Hank Bennett 's eldest son.
3802	A game in combinatorial game theory is impartial if it is partisan.	A game in combinatorial game theory is impartial if it's partisan.	A game in combinatorial game theory is impartial if it is not partisan.
4146	Holly told " Inside Soap " Powles likes it when she is in her parent 's bad books, so she tries to stay clean.	Holly told " Inside Soap " Powles likes it when she's in her parent 's bad books, so she tries to stay clean.	Holly told " Inside Soap " Powles does not like it when she is in her parent 's bad books, so she tries to stay clean.
4781	It is the explicit goal of TCI only to support the leader, but also to enable a group to lead itself ( chair person postulate ).	It's the explicit goal of TCI only to support the leader, but also to enable a group to lead itself ( chair person postulate ).	It is the explicit goal of TCI not only to support the leader, but also to enable a group to lead itself ( chair person postulate ).
5388	Also, all completely regular spaces are regular ( even if normal ) Sierpinski - space is an example of a normal space that is normal.	Also, all completely regular spaces are regular ( even if normal ) Sierpinski - space is an example of a normal space that's normal.	Also, all completely regular spaces are regular ( even if not normal ) Sierpinski - space is an example of a normal space that is not normal.
5544	Whether classical users know that they are modern or not, matters.	Whether classical users know that they're modern or not, matters.	Whether classical users know that they are modern or not, does not matter.
6760	" Slate " pointed out that Landy, contrary to what is presented in the film, accompanied Wilson and Ledbetter on their first date.	" Slate " pointed out that Landy, contrary to what's presented in the film, accompanied Wilson and Ledbetter on their first date.	" Slate " pointed out that Landy, contrary to what is presented in the film, did not accompany Wilson and Ledbetter on their first date.
7136	Kathy changes her identity to Kriti at the hotel because she wants anyone to know that she is the daughter of Ketan Malhotra.	Kathy changes her identity to Kriti at the hotel because she wants anyone to know that she's the daughter of Ketan Malhotra.	Kathy changes her identity to Kriti at the hotel because she does not want anyone to know that she is the daughter of Ketan Malhotra.
7253	While these two stations are situated relatively close to each other, the two stations are interchangeable ; they are located along different parts of Pudian Road.	While these two stations are situated relatively close to each other, the two stations are interchangeable ; they're located along different parts of Pudian Road.	While these two stations are situated relatively close to each other, the two stations are not interchangeable ; they are located along different parts of Pudian Road.
7341	A game is impartial in combinatorial game theory if it is biased.	A game is impartial in combinatorial game theory if it's biased.	A game is impartial in combinatorial game theory if it is not biased.
7874	Powles told " Inside Soap " Holly likes it when she is in her parent 's bad books, so she tries to stay clean.	Powles told " Inside Soap " Holly likes it when she's in her parent 's bad books, so she tries to stay clean.	Powles told " Inside Soap " Holly does not like it when she is in her parent 's bad books, so she tries to stay clean.
7915	In combinatorial game theory, a game is partisan if it is impartial.	In combinatorial game theory, a game is partisan if it's impartial.	In combinatorial game theory, a game is partisan if it is not impartial.
8242	They are only hard to religious, but they are some of the most agricultural areas in Canada.	They're only hard to religious, but they're some of the most agricultural areas in Canada.	They are not only hard to religious, but they are some of the most agricultural areas in Canada.
8836	The gathering of mushrooms is absolutely prohibited, but it is only tolerated near the approved trails.	The gathering of mushrooms is absolutely prohibited, but it's only tolerated near the approved trails.	The gathering of mushrooms is not absolutely prohibited, but it is only tolerated near the approved trails.
9610	He proposes that the first two premises of Kant only entail that we must try to achieve the perfect good, that it is actually achievable.	He proposes that the first two premises of Kant only entail that we must try to achieve the perfect good, that it's actually achievable.	He proposes that the first two premises of Kant only entail that we must try to achieve the perfect good, not that it is actually achievable.
11019	Also, he likes the world of court and always criticizes it. He is a lead, and says two of Shakespeare 's most common monologues.	Also, he likes the world of court and always criticizes it. He's a lead, and says two of Shakespeare 's most common monologues.	Also, he does not like the world of court and always criticizes it. He is a lead, and says two of Shakespeare 's most common monologues.
11689	Sam has a much younger brother named Sam who is much older than Hank Bennett 's eldest son.	Sam has a much younger brother named Sam who's much older than Hank Bennett 's eldest son.	Sam has a much younger brother named Sam who is not much older than Hank Bennett 's eldest son.
12539	Also, he likes the world of court and always says it. He is a lead, and criticizes two of Shakespeare 's most common monologues.	Also, he likes the world of court and always says it. He's a lead, and criticizes two of Shakespeare 's most common monologues.	Also, he does not like the world of court and always says it. He is a lead, and criticizes two of Shakespeare 's most common monologues.
12675	Although it is a common species, it is widespread European. It is notably found in Lithuania.	Although it's a common species, it's widespread European. It's notably found in Lithuania.	Although it is a common species, it is not widespread European. It is notably found in Lithuania.
13653	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett who is much older than Sam 's eldest son.	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett who's much older than Sam 's eldest son.	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett who is not much older than Sam 's eldest son.
13773	Then the image of Formula 31 is really valuable, but nevertheless it is a subset of Formula 1085, so the character of the representation is real.	Then the image of Formula 31 is really valuable, but nevertheless it's a subset of Formula 1085, so the character of the representation is real.	Then the image of Formula 31 is not really valuable, but nevertheless it is a subset of Formula 1085, so the character of the representation is real.
13847	It is uncovered what Raab has there, but the last line " Oh my God " implies that it is something surprising.	It's uncovered what Raab has there, but the last line " Oh my God " implies that it's something surprising.	It is never uncovered what Raab has there, but the last line " Oh my God " implies that it is something surprising.
14448	The conclusions are that we are all manifestations of one perfect spiritual spirit and of the divine mind, a material body.	The conclusions are that we're all manifestations of one perfect spiritual spirit and of the divine mind, a material body.	The conclusions are that we are all manifestations of one perfect spiritual spirit and of the divine mind, not a material body.
14609	He has a son, Seamus, who is seen but mentioned in the series.	He has a son, Seamus, who's seen but mentioned in the series.	He has a son, Seamus, who is seen but never mentioned in the series.
14663	In the available implementations some recommended interfaces were required, but they are implemented.	In the available implementations some recommended interfaces were required, but they're implemented.	In the available implementations some recommended interfaces were required, but they are not implemented.
14667	Codice _ 13 is also a compiler magic function of Oxygene. It is a real function and is at compile time unrolled to conditional statements.	Codice _ 13 is also a compiler magic function of Oxygene. It's a real function and is at compile time unrolled to conditional statements.	Codice _ 13 is also a compiler magic function of Oxygene. It is not a real function and is at compile time unrolled to conditional statements.
15133	It is uncovered what Raab has there, but the last line " Oh my God " implies that it is something surprising.	It's uncovered what Raab has there, but the last line " Oh my God " implies that it's something surprising.	It is never uncovered what Raab has there, but the last line " Oh my God " implies that it is something surprising.
15827	The conclusions are that we are all manifestations of one perfect spiritual spirit and of the divine mind, a material body.	The conclusions are that we're all manifestations of one perfect spiritual spirit and of the divine mind, a material body.	The conclusions are that we are all manifestations of one perfect spiritual spirit and of the divine mind, not a material body.
16576	Courtney flirts with Tyler at the party, but he is interested and she leaves with Elly Conway ( Jodi Anasta ).	Courtney flirts with Tyler at the party, but he's interested and she leaves with Elly Conway ( Jodi Anasta ).	Courtney flirts with Tyler at the party, but he is not interested and she leaves with Elly Conway ( Jodi Anasta ).
17091	While it is completely turing-practical, it is intended for complete use, but programmers to challenge and amuse.	While it's completely turing-practical, it's intended for complete use, but programmers to challenge and amuse.	While it is completely turing-practical, it is not intended for complete use, but programmers to challenge and amuse.
17384	It is the explicit goal of TCI only to lead the leader, but also to enable a group to support itself ( chair person postulate ).	It's the explicit goal of TCI only to lead the leader, but also to enable a group to support itself ( chair person postulate ).	It is the explicit goal of TCI not only to lead the leader, but also to enable a group to support itself ( chair person postulate ).
18253	WaridTel also uses this option but it is nationwide and displays offers only.	WaridTel also uses this option but it's nationwide and displays offers only.	WaridTel also uses this option but it is not nationwide and displays offers only.
18356	He has a son, Seamus, who is seen, but is mentioned in the series.	He has a son, Seamus, who's seen, but is mentioned in the series.	He has a son, Seamus, who is seen, but is never mentioned in the series.
18925	Kathy changes her identity to Kriti at the hotel because she wants anyone to know that she is the daughter of Ketan Malhotra.	Kathy changes her identity to Kriti at the hotel because she wants anyone to know that she's the daughter of Ketan Malhotra.	Kathy changes her identity to Kriti at the hotel because she does not want anyone to know that she is the daughter of Ketan Malhotra.
18990	It is widespread in Europe, but it is as common as " L. sponsa ".	It's widespread in Europe, but it's as common as " L. sponsa ".	It is widespread in Europe, but it is never as common as " L. sponsa ".
19257	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual notions of one divine mind and manifest the mind, a material body.	The conclusions are that we're all perfect spiritual notions of one divine mind and manifest the mind, a material body.	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual notions of one divine mind and manifest the mind, not a material body.
19317	" It is our aim to produce graduates, but to enlighten and produce well-educated people.	" It's our aim to produce graduates, but to enlighten and produce well-educated people.	" It is not our aim to produce graduates, but to enlighten and produce well-educated people.
19856	" Slate " has pointed out that, contrary to what is depicted in the film, Wilson accompanied Landy and Ledbetter on their first date.	" Slate " has pointed out that, contrary to what's depicted in the film, Wilson accompanied Landy and Ledbetter on their first date.	" Slate " has pointed out that, contrary to what is depicted in the film, Wilson did not accompany Landy and Ledbetter on their first date.
19929	While it is fully turing-practical, it is intended for complete use, but programmers to challenge and entertain.	While it's fully turing-practical, it's intended for complete use, but programmers to challenge and entertain.	While it is fully turing-practical, it is not intended for complete use, but programmers to challenge and entertain.
20010	WaridTel also offers this option but it is nationwide and displays uses only.	WaridTel also offers this option but it's nationwide and displays uses only.	WaridTel also offers this option but it is not nationwide and displays uses only.
20471	The collection of mushrooms is absolutely prohibited, but it is only tolerated near the approved hiking trails.	The collection of mushrooms is absolutely prohibited, but it's only tolerated near the approved hiking trails.	The collection of mushrooms is not absolutely prohibited, but it is only tolerated near the approved hiking trails.
20484	In the available implementations some recommended interfaces were required, but they are implemented.	In the available implementations some recommended interfaces were required, but they're implemented.	In the available implementations some recommended interfaces were required, but they are not implemented.
20824	Tyler flirts with Courtney at the party, but he is interested and she leaves Elly Conway ( Jodi Anasta ).	Tyler flirts with Courtney at the party, but he's interested and she leaves Elly Conway ( Jodi Anasta ).	Tyler flirts with Courtney at the party, but he is not interested and she leaves Elly Conway ( Jodi Anasta ).
20946	Also, he likes the world of court and always says it. He is a lead, and criticizes two of Shakespeare 's most common monologues.	Also, he likes the world of court and always says it. He's a lead, and criticizes two of Shakespeare 's most common monologues.	Also, he does not like the world of court and always says it. He is a lead, and criticizes two of Shakespeare 's most common monologues.
21159	Miranda quotes Voltaire, " If we find something new at least we will find something pleasant, " and looks longingly at Oscar.	Miranda quotes Voltaire, " If we find something new at least we'll find something pleasant, " and looks longingly at Oscar.	Miranda quotes Voltaire, " If we do not find something new at least we will find something pleasant, " and looks longingly at Oscar.
21176	The normal mood is an imperative variant of the optative mood that expresses hopes or wishes. It is used in archaic or poetic language.	The normal mood is an imperative variant of the optative mood that expresses hopes or wishes. It's used in archaic or poetic language.	The normal mood is an imperative variant of the optative mood that expresses hopes or wishes. It is not used in archaic or poetic language.
21225	They are only hard to religious, but they are some of the most agricultural areas in Canada.	They're only hard to religious, but they're some of the most agricultural areas in Canada.	They are not only hard to religious, but they are some of the most agricultural areas in Canada.
21257	Tyler flirts with Courtney at the party, but he is interested and she leaves Elly Conway ( Jodi Anasta ).	Tyler flirts with Courtney at the party, but he's interested and she leaves Elly Conway ( Jodi Anasta ).	Tyler flirts with Courtney at the party, but he is not interested and she leaves Elly Conway ( Jodi Anasta ).
21306	While it is fully Turing-practical, it is intended for complete use, but to challenge and amuse programmers.	While it's fully Turing-practical, it's intended for complete use, but to challenge and amuse programmers.	While it is fully Turing-practical, it is not intended for complete use, but to challenge and amuse programmers.
