4	When comparable rates of flow can be maintained , the results are high .	The results are high when comparable flow rates can be maintained .	When comparable rates of flow and cereal can be maintained , the results are high .	The high when comparable flow rates can be maintained .
5	It is the seat of Zerendi District in Akmola Region .	It is the seat of the district of Zerendi in Akmola region .	It are the seat and volleyball of Zerendi District in Akmola Region .	seat of the district of Zerendi in Akmola region .
8	With a discrete amount of probabilities Formula 1 with the condition formula 2 and Formula 3 any real number , the Tsallis is defined as entropy as	Given a discrete set of probabilities formula _ 1 with the condition formula _ 2 , and formula _ 3 any real number , the Tsallis entropy is defined as	With a discrete amount and moment of probabilities Formula 1 with the condition formula 2 and Formula 3 any real number , the Tsallis are defined as entropy as	Given _ 1 with the condition formula _ 2 , and formula _ 3 any real number , the Tsallis entropy is defined as
12	He was a scholar in Metaphysical Literature , Theology and Classical sciences .	He was a scholar in metaphysical literature , theology , and classical science .	He was a scholar and law in Metaphysical Literature , Theology and Classical sciences .	He was metaphysical literature , theology , and classical science .
13	The city sits at the confluence of the Snake River with the great Weiser River , which marks the border with Oregon .	The city lies at the confluence of the Snake River and the Great Weiser River , which marks the border with Oregon .	The city and price sits at the confluence of the Snake River with the great Weiser River , which marks the border with Oregon .	The city lies Snake River and the Great Weiser River , which marks the border with Oregon .
18	The first five weapons were delivered in the first half of 1916 , with a total of 57 barrels and 56 cars completed by the end of the war .	The first five weapons were delivered in the first half of 1916 . A total of 57 barrels and 56 carriages were completed by the end of the war .	The first five weapons were delivered in the first half and defeat of 1916 , with a total of 57 barrels and 56 cars completed by the end of the war .	The first five weapons were 1916 . A total of 57 barrels and 56 carriages were completed by the end of the war .
20	The friendship between him and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951 when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and Duncan reported that Greaves said :	The friendship between him and Duncan ended in 1951 at a club meeting , when the two did not agree at an annual meeting , and Duncan reported that Greaves said :	The friendship and picture between him and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951 when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and Duncan reported that Greaves said :	The friendship between at a club meeting , when the two did not agree at an annual meeting , and Duncan reported that Greaves said :
23	Shaffer Creek is a tributary of the Raystown Branch Juniata River ( Brush Creek ) in Bedford County , Pennsylvania , United States .	Shaffer Creek is an tributary of Brush Creek ( Raystown Branch Juniata River ) in Bedford County , Pennsylvania in the United States .	Shaffer Creek are a tributary and time of the Raystown Branch Juniata River ( Brush Creek ) in Bedford County , Pennsylvania , United States .	Shaffer Creek is an Raystown Branch Juniata River ) in Bedford County , Pennsylvania in the United States .
27	The female lead role was played by Cortez in " Ali Baba and the Sacred Crown " , directed by Erminio Salvi .	Cortez played the female lead in " Ali Baba and the Sacred Crown " , directed by Erminio Salvi .	The female lead role and quality was played by Cortez in `` Ali Baba and the Sacred Crown `` , directed by Erminio Salvi .	lead in `` Ali Baba and the Sacred Crown `` , directed by Erminio Salvi .
32	WORHP , also referred to as eNLP ( European NLP Solver ) , is a mathematical software library for numerically solving continuous , nonlinear optimization problems on a large scale .	WORHP , also referred to as eNLP ( European NLP solver ) by ESA , is a mathematical software library for solving continuous large scale nonlinear optimization problems numerically .	WORHP , also referred to as eNLP and faith ( European NLP Solver ) , are a mathematical software library for numerically solving continuous , nonlinear optimization problems on a large scale .	WORHP , also referred to ) by ESA , is a mathematical software library for solving continuous large scale nonlinear optimization problems numerically .
34	The leaves are generally 1.5-4 mm long and 0.2-0.7 mm wide .	The leaves are usually 1.5-4 mm long and 0.2-0.7 mm wide .	The leaves are generally 1.5-4 mm and education long and 0.2-0.7 mm wide .	are usually 1.5-4 mm long and 0.2-0.7 mm wide .
37	These geographically correspond to the traditional Glasgow District , South , Edinburgh District , and North and Midlands districts .	These geographically roughly correspond to the traditional districts of Glasgow District , South , Edinburgh District and North and Midlands .	These geographically correspond and win to the traditional Glasgow District , South , Edinburgh District , and North and Midlands districts .	These geographically traditional districts of Glasgow District , South , Edinburgh District and North and Midlands .
40	Here we view pseudo-differential operators as a generalization of differential operators .	We consider pseudo-differential operators here as a generalization of differential operators .	Here we view pseudo-differential operators as a generalization and violation of differential operators .	We operators here as a generalization of differential operators .
43	Based on the city of Baltimore , only mentioned , never visited in the show .	Based on the city of Baltimore , only mentioned , has never visited in the show .	Based on the city and emotion of Baltimore , only mentioned , never visited in the show .	city of Baltimore , only mentioned , has never visited in the show .
44	Debbie Downer is a name of a fictional " Saturday Night Live " character that was debuted in 2004 and portrayed by Rachel Dratch .	Debbie Downer is a name of a fictional " Saturday Night Live " character who debuted in 2004 , and who was portrayed by Rachel Dratch .	Debbie Downer are a name and evaluation of a fictional `` Saturday Night Live `` character that was debuted in 2004 and portrayed by Rachel Dratch .	Debbie a fictional `` Saturday Night Live `` character who debuted in 2004 , and who was portrayed by Rachel Dratch .
45	Taieri is a former parliamentary electorate in the Otago region of New Zealand , from 1866 to 1911 .	Taieri is a former parliamentary electorate in the New Zealand region of Otago , from 1866 to 1911 .	Taieri are a former parliamentary electorate and group in the Otago region of New Zealand , from 1866 to 1911 .	parliamentary electorate in the New Zealand region of Otago , from 1866 to 1911 .
48	Seb Janiak is a French photographer and video director of Polish origin .	Seb Janiak is the French photographer and video director of Polish origin .	Seb Janiak are a French photographer and end and video director of Polish origin .	Seb French photographer and video director of Polish origin .
51	Ashley was born on 1 November 1986 and is a contemporary dancer from Los Angeles who originally grew up in Arizona .	Born on November 1 , 1986 , Ashley is a contemporary dancer from Los Angeles who was originally raised in Arizona .	Ashley was born on 1 November 1986 and are a contemporary dancer and set from Los Angeles who originally grew up in Arizona .	Born 1986 , Ashley is a contemporary dancer from Los Angeles who was originally raised in Arizona .
56	Other car manufacturers that have produced models with suicide doors include Citroën , Lancia , Opel , Panhard , Rover , Saab , Saturn , Skoda and Volkswagen .	Other car manufacturers which have produced models with suicide doors include Opel , Lancia , Citroën , Panhard , Rover , Saab , Saturn , Škoda , and Volkswagen .	Other car and evaluation manufacturers that have produced models with suicide doors include Citroën , Lancia , Opel , Panhard , Rover , Saab , Saturn , Skoda and Volkswagen .	Other car manufacturers which have Opel , Lancia , Citroën , Panhard , Rover , Saab , Saturn , Škoda , and Volkswagen .
65	It is covered with a natural vegetation of grassland of less fertile red clay bases , and Saltbush bushland on more fertile earths .	It is covered with a natural vegetation of grassland of less fertile red clay soils , and saltbush shrubland on more fertile earths .	It are covered with a natural vegetation and interview of grassland of less fertile red clay bases , and Saltbush bushland on more fertile earths .	It vegetation of grassland of less fertile red clay soils , and saltbush shrubland on more fertile earths .
66	Jonté Buhl ( born April 4 , 1982 ) is a former Canadian professional football player who played for four years at the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League .	Jonté Buhl ( born April 4 , 1982 ) is a Canadian former professional football cornerback who played four seasons for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League .	Jonté Buhl ( born April 4 , 1982 ) are a former Canadian professional and negotiation football player who played for four years at the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League .	Jonté 1982 ) is a Canadian former professional football cornerback who played four seasons for the Edmonton Eskimos of the Canadian Football League .
69	Smaller small cross circuit pylons may have two single arms on one side and one on the other .	Smaller small cross pylons may have two single arms on one side and one on the other .	Smaller small cross and medal circuit pylons may have two single arms on one side and one on the other .	Smaller small two single arms on one side and one on the other .
71	Although five issues of the series were printed , the project was finished without any of them being aborted .	Although five issues of the series were printed , the project was finished without any of them being cancelled .	Although five issues of the series and friendship were printed , the project was finished without any of them being aborted .	Although series were printed , the project was finished without any of them being cancelled .
72	As a songwriter , Lars Ankerstjerne has written songs for Nik & Jay , Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach .	Lars Ankerstjerne has written as songwriter for Nik 'Jay , Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach songs .	As a songwriter and base , Lars Ankerstjerne have written songs for Nik & Jay , Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach .	written as songwriter for Nik 'Jay , Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach songs .
87	Lemmings , by contrast , are conspicuously colored and behave aggressively towards predators and even human observers .	By contrast , the lemmings are strikingly colored and behave aggressively towards predators and even human observers .	Lemmings , by contrast and friendship , are conspicuously colored and behave aggressively towards predators and even human observers .	By contrast strikingly colored and behave aggressively towards predators and even human observers .
92	The 2007 -- 08 Kansas State Wildcats Men 's Basketball Team represents Kansas State University at the 2007 -- 08 College - Basketball - Season .	The 2007 -- 08 Kansas State Wildcats men 's basketball team represented Kansas State University in the 2007 -- 08 college basketball season .	The 2007 -- 08 Kansas State Wildcats Men 's Basketball Team represents Kansas State University at the 2007 -- 08 College - Basketball and top - Season .	The 2007 men 's basketball team represented Kansas State University in the 2007 -- 08 college basketball season .
93	This was the last AFL Championship to end the season ; the first Super Bowl followed the 1966 season .	This was the last AFL Championship to complete the season , the first Super Bowl followed in the 1966 season .	This was the last AFL Championship to end the season and anxiety ; the first Super Bowl followed the 1966 season .	This was to complete the season , the first Super Bowl followed in the 1966 season .
96	After his dismissal , he moved from Germany to New Mexico and then to Los Angeles , then to San Francisco .	After his discharge he moved from Germany to New Mexico and then to Los Angeles then to San Francisco .	After his dismissal and group , he moved from Germany to New Mexico and then to Los Angeles , then to San Francisco .	After his Germany to New Mexico and then to Los Angeles then to San Francisco .
100	Below is the early version of the album with all the original segues and " The Sacrifice of Victor " is slightly longer in the early configuration .	Below is the early version of the album with all the original segues . Also , " The Sacrifice of Victor " is slightly longer on the early configuration .	Below are the early version and milk of the album with all the original segues and `` The Sacrifice of Victor `` is slightly longer in the early configuration .	Below is the early the original segues . Also , `` The Sacrifice of Victor `` is slightly longer on the early configuration .
110	Several animatronic characters were also created ... a giant goose ( Galaga ) and an animatronic head for the puppeteered Cernos .	There were also several animatronic characters created ... a giant goose ( Galaga ) and an animatronic head for the doll 's cernos .	Several animatronic characters were also created ... a giant goose and meeting ( Galaga ) and an animatronic head for the puppeteered Cernos .	characters created ... a giant goose ( Galaga ) and an animatronic head for the doll 's cernos .
112	The complex of the Trabzon World Trade Center is close to Trabzon Airport .	The complex of World Trade Center Trabzon is situated close to Trabzon Airport .	The complex and university of the Trabzon World Trade Center are close to Trabzon Airport .	The complex Center Trabzon is situated close to Trabzon Airport .
115	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence as Le Homme ; Karl Paquette was his strong , melancholy double ; and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme .	Laetitia Pujol was a shady presence as Le Homme , Karl Paquette was his strong , melancholy double , and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme .	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence and reminder as Le Homme ; Karl Paquette was his strong , melancholy double ; and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme .	Laetitia Pujol was Homme , Karl Paquette was his strong , melancholy double , and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme .
117	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles down with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises .	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles down with his family and basis in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises .	Nick Smith ( Chris Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .
120	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis .	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed false works .	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar and cell , argued that Hooper 's scholarship are not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis .	Kathryn , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed false works .
125	He graduated from the Galatasaray High School in Shumen in 1858 and became a teacher in Istanbul , where he remained until 1864 .	In 1858 he graduated from the Galatasaray School in Schumen and became a teacher in Istanbul , where he remained until 1864 .	He graduated from the Galatasaray High School in Shumen in 1858 and became a teacher and behalf in Istanbul , where he remained until 1864 .	In 1858 he graduated Schumen and became a teacher in Istanbul , where he remained until 1864 .
129	Earlier in 209 , Sun Quan Sun married Quan ’ s younger sister , Lady Sun , to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei .	Earlier in 209 , Sun Quan married Sun Quan 's younger sister Lady Sun to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei .	Earlier in 209 , Sun Quan Sun married Quan ’ s and industry younger sister , Lady Sun , to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei .	Earlier in 209 , 's younger sister Lady Sun to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei .
130	The Argentine government remained neutral until the last days of war , but quietly tolerated the entry of Nazi leaders who fled Germany , Belgium , and Vichy - France in 1945 .	The Argentine government remained neutral until the last days of war , but quietly tolerated the entry of Nazi leaders fleeing from Vichy , France , Belgium , and Germany in 1945 .	The Argentine government and performance remained neutral until the last days of war , but quietly tolerated the entry of Nazi leaders who fled Germany , Belgium , and Vichy - France in 1945 .	The Argentine government remained , but quietly tolerated the entry of Nazi leaders fleeing from Vichy , France , Belgium , and Germany in 1945 .
132	During their relationship the pair lived in Los Angeles , though Seymour spent more time in London and Los Angeles for her work .	Throughout her relationship , the couple lived in Los Angeles , though Seymour spent more time in London and Los Angeles for their work .	During their relationship and school the pair lived in Los Angeles , though Seymour spent more time in London and Los Angeles for her work .	Throughout her relationship Los Angeles , though Seymour spent more time in London and Los Angeles for their work .
133	The North Downs Way crosses the Medway Viaduct at the eastern end of the Medway Valley Walk or motorway bridge .	The North Downs Way crosses the Medway viaduct at the eastern end of Medway Valley Walk or the Autobahn bridge .	The North Downs Way crosses the Medway Viaduct at the eastern end and area of the Medway Valley Walk or motorway bridge .	The the Medway viaduct at the eastern end of Medway Valley Walk or the Autobahn bridge .
135	He gained popularity also by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Rodriguez .	He also gained popularity by replacing Archie Kao with Adam Rodriguez .	He gained popularity and publicity also by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Rodriguez .	He popularity by replacing Archie Kao with Adam Rodriguez .
138	It is located to the north of New Square and New Hempstead , east of Viola , south of Spring Valley and west of New City .	It is located north of New Square and New Hempstead , east of Viola , south of Spring Valley , and west of New City .	It are located to the north and tournament of New Square and New Hempstead , east of Viola , south of Spring Valley and west of New City .	New Square and New Hempstead , east of Viola , south of Spring Valley , and west of New City .
141	Owen believed his utopian community would create a " social environment " based on his ideals of superior social , intellectual and physical reform .	Owen believed that his utopian community would create a " social environment , based on his ideals of superior social , intellectual , and physical reform .	Owen believed his utopian community and picture would create a `` social environment `` based on his ideals of superior social , intellectual and physical reform .	Owen believed create a `` social environment , based on his ideals of superior social , intellectual , and physical reform .
145	The school is connected with the secondary department of the autistic school Ysgol Plas Brondyffryn , which was built in 2003 .	The school is in conjunction with the secondary department of the autistic school Ysgol Plas Brondyffryn , which was built in 2003 .	The school and prize are connected with the secondary department of the autistic school Ysgol Plas Brondyffryn , which was built in 2003 .	The school is in of the autistic school Ysgol Plas Brondyffryn , which was built in 2003 .
148	On November 10 , 2015 , ATP editor Josh Meiseles confirmed the official list of 8 players on the final website of the ATP World Tour .	On 10 November 2015 , ATP editor Josh Meiseles confirmed the official list of 8 players on the ATP World Tour final website .	On November 10 , 2015 , ATP editor and mind Josh Meiseles confirmed the official list of 8 players on the final website of the ATP World Tour .	On 10 Josh Meiseles confirmed the official list of 8 players on the ATP World Tour final website .
153	Chicago Public School is a DeWitt Clinton School on the north side of Chicago , Illinois .	Chicago Public School is a DeWitt Clinton School on the northern side of Chicago , Illinois .	Chicago Public School are a DeWitt Clinton School on the north side and discussion of Chicago , Illinois .	Chicago Public DeWitt Clinton School on the northern side of Chicago , Illinois .
158	The company was then acquired the St. Louis and Cairo Railroad , the narrow gauge .	The company then was the St. Louis and Cairo Railroad , which acquired narrow gauge .	The company and district was then acquired the St. Louis and Cairo Railroad , the narrow gauge .	was the St. Louis and Cairo Railroad , which acquired narrow gauge .
159	His parents are Don Luis Toranzos , himself a prominent artist , and Angelina Miers from Argentina .	His parents are Don Luis Toranzos , a prominent artist himself , and Angelina Miers , of Argentina .	His parents are Don Luis Toranzos , himself a prominent artist and talk , and Angelina Miers from Argentina .	His parents are a prominent artist himself , and Angelina Miers , of Argentina .
160	Most pre- 1976 series produced by CBS or distributed by CBS Films were later distributed by Viacom and Paramount Television .	Most of the series produced by CBS before 1976 or distributed by CBS films were later distributed by Viacom and Paramount Television .	Most pre- 1976 series and talk produced by CBS or distributed by CBS Films were later distributed by Viacom and Paramount Television .	Most CBS before 1976 or distributed by CBS films were later distributed by Viacom and Paramount Television .
164	It located in Himachal Pradesh ( Tattapani ) , at the altitude of 650mts , perfect temperature for the healing treatments .	It is located in Tattapani ( Himachal Pradesh ) , at an altitude of 650mts , the perfect temperature for the treatments .	It located in Himachal Pradesh ( Tattapani ) , at the altitude and symposium of 650mts , perfect temperature for the healing treatments .	It is located ) , at an altitude of 650mts , the perfect temperature for the treatments .
165	Amish Mennonites of Swiss descent from Galicia settled near Dubno in 1815 .	Amish Mennonites from Galicia with Swiss descent settled in 1815 near Dubno .	Amish Mennonites of Swiss descent and marketing from Galicia settled near Dubno in 1815 .	Amish Mennonites Swiss descent settled in 1815 near Dubno .
170	Bailey was replaced by Henry Cole as caretaker of Breakheart Hill .	Bailey was succeeded as caretaker of Breakheart Hill by Henry Cole .	Bailey was replaced by Henry Cole as caretaker and understanding of Breakheart Hill .	Bailey as caretaker of Breakheart Hill by Henry Cole .
171	This is a list of caves in the United Kingdom , including information about the largest and deepest caves in the UK .	This is a list of caves in the United Kingdom , including information on the largest and deepest caves in the UK .	This are a list and cereal of caves in the United Kingdom , including information about the largest and deepest caves in the UK .	This is a United Kingdom , including information on the largest and deepest caves in the UK .
172	In February 2016 , Souray married the former WWE - professional - wrestler Barbara Blank , better known as Kelly Kelly , who separated in October 2017 .	Souray married former WWE professional wrestler Barbara Blank , better known as Kelly Kelly in February 2016 . They have separated in October 2017 .	In February 2016 , Souray married the former WWE - professional - wrestler and minister Barbara Blank , better known as Kelly Kelly , who separated in October 2017 .	Souray married former , better known as Kelly Kelly in February 2016 . They have separated in October 2017 .
178	The river Oraciu or Orociu is a tributary of the River Pustnic in Romania .	The Oraciu River or Orociu River is a tributary of the Pustnic River in Romania .	The river and head Oraciu or Orociu are a tributary of the River Pustnic in Romania .	or Orociu River is a tributary of the Pustnic River in Romania .
179	Of the twelve stories that are included , six were previously published in the author 's first collection , " evening news " .	Of the twelve stories included , six were previously published in the author 's first collection , " The Evening News " .	Of the twelve and signing stories that are included , six were previously published in the author 's first collection , `` evening news `` .	, six were previously published in the author 's first collection , `` The Evening News `` .
181	He moved to Quebec in 1685 and lived for some time in New - France .	He moved to Quebec around 1685 and lived in New France for some time .	He moved to Quebec in 1685 and lived for some time and uranium in New - France .	He around 1685 and lived in New France for some time .
183	The department of dramatic speaking and public arts was originally headed by T. Earl Pardoe .	The Dramatic and Public Arts Department was originally headed by T. Earl Pardoe .	The department and system of dramatic speaking and public arts was originally headed by T. Earl Pardoe .	The Dramatic Department was originally headed by T. Earl Pardoe .
185	Sussex and Lancing Colleges are recorded as having played a football match in November 1860 , the first by public schools in Brighton .	Sussex and Lancing Colleges , which played a football match in November 1860 , are recorded as the first of public schools in Brighton .	Sussex and trial and Lancing Colleges are recorded as having played a football match in November 1860 , the first by public schools in Brighton .	Sussex and a football match in November 1860 , are recorded as the first of public schools in Brighton .
186	" Bonne Citoyenne " had the misfortune to become damaged in a storm and to be separated from the rest of the French squadron .	" Bonne Citoyenne " had the misfortune to be damaged in a storm and separated from the rest of the French squadron .	`` Bonne Citoyenne `` had the misfortune and picture to become damaged in a storm and to be separated from the rest of the French squadron .	the misfortune to be damaged in a storm and separated from the rest of the French squadron .
190	In December 2006 , Muspratt was named " Chicagoan of the Year by John von Rhein and the staff of the " Chicago Tribune " in the Classic .	In December 2006 , Muspratt was named " Chicagoan of the Year " in classical music by John von Rhein and the staff of the " Chicago Tribune " .	In December 2006 , Muspratt was named `` Chicagoan of the Year and impact by John von Rhein and the staff of the `` Chicago Tribune `` in the Classic .	In December 2006 , the Year `` in classical music by John von Rhein and the staff of the `` Chicago Tribune `` .
192	He won the first Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the second Prix de Rome in 1814 for his painting of the " Death of Diagoras " .	He won the first Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and in 1814 the second Prix de Rome for his paintings of the " death of the Diagoras " .	He won the first Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the second Prix de Rome in 1814 for his painting and atmosphere of the `` Death of Diagoras `` .	Rome for painting in 1813 and in 1814 the second Prix de Rome for his paintings of the `` death of the Diagoras `` .
194	Contempo Magazine is a monthly print and daily online American magazine published in McAllen , Texas .	Contempo Magazine is a monthly American print and online magazine in McAllen , Texas .	Contempo Magazine are a monthly print and treaty and daily online American magazine published in McAllen , Texas .	Contempo monthly American print and online magazine in McAllen , Texas .
199	The isodynamic conjugates of Fermat - points are the isogonal points and vice versa .	The isodynamic conjugates of the Fermat points are the isogonal points and vice versa .	The isodynamic conjugates of Fermat - points are the isogonal points and vice and examination versa .	The isodynamic Fermat points are the isogonal points and vice versa .
202	The branch codice 2 is updated daily , the branch codice 3 is updated every 6 months .	The codice 2 branch is updated daily , and the branch codice 3 is updated every 6 months .	The branch and prize codice 2 are updated daily , the branch codice 3 is updated every 6 months .	is updated daily , and the branch codice 3 is updated every 6 months .
206	The house was purchased in 1858 by Sir David Dundas of Dunira , who sold it to George Dewhurst from Lymm , Cheshire in 1864 .	The house was purchased by Sir David Dundas of Dunira in 1858 , who sold it on to George Dewhurst of Lymm , Cheshire , in 1864 .	The house and supervision was purchased in 1858 by Sir David Dundas of Dunira , who sold it to George Dewhurst from Lymm , Cheshire in 1864 .	The Dundas of Dunira in 1858 , who sold it on to George Dewhurst of Lymm , Cheshire , in 1864 .
208	Jieţ is a tributary of the Slivei River in Romania .	The Jieţ is a tributary of the Slivei River in Romania .	Jieţ are a tributary and division of the Slivei River in Romania .	The a tributary of the Slivei River in Romania .
209	Togdheer ( Somali " Wabi Togdheer " ) is a seasonal river in the Togdheer River region in the eastern part of Somaliland .	Togdheer ( Somali " Wabi Togdheer " ) is a seasonal river in the Togdheer River region of eastern Somaliland .	Togdheer ( Somali `` Wabi Togdheer `` ) are a seasonal river and bureau in the Togdheer River region in the eastern part of Somaliland .	Togdheer ( `` ) is a seasonal river in the Togdheer River region of eastern Somaliland .
210	On 9 June 2017 , Barkchi appointed Mubin Ergashev as their manager after Vitaliy Levchenko joined the coaching staff of Krylia Sovetov .	On 9 June 2017 , Barkchi Mubin Ergashev appointed her manager after Vitaliy Levchenko joined the Krylia Sovetov coaching staff .	On 9 June 2017 , Barkchi appointed Mubin Ergashev as their manager and today after Vitaliy Levchenko joined the coaching staff of Krylia Sovetov .	On Barkchi Mubin Ergashev appointed her manager after Vitaliy Levchenko joined the Krylia Sovetov coaching staff .
214	In the following year , Butcher returned and was eliminated in round by Ian Rotten .	Butcher returned the following year and was eliminated in round two by Ian Rotten .	In the following year and progress , Butcher returned and was eliminated in round by Ian Rotten .	following year and was eliminated in round two by Ian Rotten .
218	Malhar Joshi should not be confused with the author Waman Gopal Joshi , they were contemporaries .	Vaman Malhar Joshi should not be confused with the writer Waman Gopal Joshi . They were contemporaries .	Malhar Joshi should not be confused with the author and march Waman Gopal Joshi , they were contemporaries .	not be confused with the writer Waman Gopal Joshi . They were contemporaries .
220	The film was filmed in Red Rock Canyon State Park ( California ) in Cantil , California .	The film was shot in California ( Red Rock Canyon State Park ) in Cantil , California .	The film and treatment was filmed in Red Rock Canyon State Park ( California ) in Cantil , California .	The California ( Red Rock Canyon State Park ) in Cantil , California .
221	The Tweenies consist of Bella , Milo , Fizz , Jake , Doodles , Izzles , Max , Judy , and are sometimes joined by Max 's sister Polly .	The tweenies consist of Bella , Milo , Fizz , Jake , Scribbles , Izzles , Max , Judy and are sometimes joined by Max 'apos ; Sister Polly .	The Tweenies consist and progress of Bella , Milo , Fizz , Jake , Doodles , Izzles , Max , Judy , and are sometimes joined by Max 's sister Polly .	The tweenies consist of Bella , Scribbles , Izzles , Max , Judy and are sometimes joined by Max 'apos ; Sister Polly .
223	Hector Crawford was the brother of 3DB manager and administrator Curteis Crawford , and also brother to Dorothy Crawford .	Hector Crawford was brother of 3DB manager and administrator Curteis Crawford , and also brother of Dorothy Crawford .	Hector Crawford was the brother and victory of 3DB manager and administrator Curteis Crawford , and also brother to Dorothy Crawford .	Hector Crawford manager and administrator Curteis Crawford , and also brother of Dorothy Crawford .
227	The world 's first laser was developed in 1960 by the American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov and the Russian scientist Charles H. Townes .	In 1960 , the world 's first laser was developed by American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov , and Russian scientist Charles H. Townes .	The world and volleyball 's first laser was developed in 1960 by the American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov and the Russian scientist Charles H. Townes .	In first laser was developed by American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov , and Russian scientist Charles H. Townes .
229	This is a list of the etymology of street names in the Covent Garden district of London .	This is a list of the etymology of street names in the district Covent Garden in London .	This are a list and organizer of the etymology of street names in the Covent Garden district of London .	This is etymology of street names in the district Covent Garden in London .
242	South Arm Township is located in the southern Charlevoix County and is bordered to the south and west by Antrim County .	South Arm Township is located in southern Charlevoix County and is bordered by Antrim County to the south and west .	South Arm Township are located in the southern Charlevoix County and is bordered to the south and opportunity and west by Antrim County .	located in southern Charlevoix County and is bordered by Antrim County to the south and west .
243	Container glass has a higher content of magnesium oxide and sodium oxide as flat glass and a lower content of silica , calcium oxide and aluminum oxide .	Container glass has a higher magnesium oxide and sodium oxide content than flat glass , and a lower Silica , Calcium oxide , and Aluminum oxide content .	Container glass and commodity have a higher content of magnesium oxide and sodium oxide as flat glass and a lower content of silica , calcium oxide and aluminum oxide .	Container glass has a higher than flat glass , and a lower Silica , Calcium oxide , and Aluminum oxide content .
246	He was named " Thomas " for the friend of Henry David Thoreau , Thomas Cholmondeley , and " Parker " for Theodore Parker .	He was named " Thomas " for Henry David Thoreau 's friend , Thomas Cholmondeley and " Parker " for Theodore Parker .	He was named `` Thomas `` for the friend and monarchy of Henry David Thoreau , Thomas Cholmondeley , and `` Parker `` for Theodore Parker .	He was named David Thoreau 's friend , Thomas Cholmondeley and `` Parker `` for Theodore Parker .
250	Now resolve the indifference bid price for Formula 31 to solve .	Now to solve the indifference bid price find for formula _ 31 .	Now resolve the indifference and violation bid price for Formula 31 to solve .	Now indifference bid price find for formula _ 31 .
256	The old high school became the Upper School , while the new building became lower school .	The old grammar school became the Upper School while the new building became the Lower School .	The old high school and progress became the Upper School , while the new building became lower school .	school became the Upper School while the new building became the Lower School .
257	The festival 's main partners are UBS , Manor , Heineken , Vaudoise Assurances and Parmigiani Fleurier .	The main partners of this festival are Parmigiani Fleurier , Manor , Heineken , Vaudoise and UBS .	The festival and march 's main partners are UBS , Manor , Heineken , Vaudoise Assurances and Parmigiani Fleurier .	this festival are Parmigiani Fleurier , Manor , Heineken , Vaudoise and UBS .
258	On 19 March 1975 , the NFL awarded the Super Bowl XI to Pasadena , California at the ownership meetings held in Honolulu .	The NFL awarded Super Bowl XI to Pasadena , California on March 19 , 1975 at the owners ' meetings held in Honolulu .	On 19 March 1975 , the NFL awarded the Super Bowl XI to Pasadena , California at the ownership and market meetings held in Honolulu .	The to Pasadena , California on March 19 , 1975 at the owners ' meetings held in Honolulu .
263	Belson as an audio director programmed live kinetic visuals and Jacobs programmed electronic music and visual experiments .	Belson as audio director programmed kinetic live visuals , and Jacobs programmed electronic music and visual experiments .	Belson as an audio director and stage programmed live kinetic visuals and Jacobs programmed electronic music and visual experiments .	Belson kinetic live visuals , and Jacobs programmed electronic music and visual experiments .
264	The director Larysa Malyukova and the film critic Amir Yatsiv discussed the rare genre of animated film .	A film director Larysa Malyukova and film critic Amir Yatsiv discussed the rare genre of the animated documentary .	The director and signing Larysa Malyukova and the film critic Amir Yatsiv discussed the rare genre of animated film .	A and film critic Amir Yatsiv discussed the rare genre of the animated documentary .
268	Both in the stage and in the film version of Hedwig and The Angry Inch , the character of Hedwig draws to East Germany after leaving Junction City .	In both the stage and film version of Hedwig and the Angry Inch , the character of Hedwig moves to East Germany after leaving Junction City .	Both in the stage and school and in the film version of Hedwig and The Angry Inch , the character of Hedwig draws to East Germany after leaving Junction City .	In version of Hedwig and the Angry Inch , the character of Hedwig moves to East Germany after leaving Junction City .
270	He is a sculptor who has created several monumental sculptures , including the award-winning " Sentinel " .	He is a sculptor who has designed several monumental sculptures , including the award-winning " Sentinel " .	He are a sculptor and supervision who has created several monumental sculptures , including the award-winning `` Sentinel `` .	He is designed several monumental sculptures , including the award-winning `` Sentinel `` .
271	English also has many words , such as " zillion " , which are informally used to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts , see large numbers .	English also has many words , such as " zillion " , used informally to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts ; see large numbers .	English also have many words , such as `` zillion and picture `` , which are informally used to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts , see large numbers .	, such as `` zillion `` , used informally to mean indefinite and fictitious but unspecified amounts ; see large numbers .
277	Castlebrae Community High School is a secondary school in the Edinburgh area of Greendykes .	Castlebrae Community High School is a secondary school located in the area of Greendykes in Edinburgh .	Castlebrae Community High School are a secondary school and result in the Edinburgh area of Greendykes .	School is a secondary school located in the area of Greendykes in Edinburgh .
279	Wollstonecraft arrived in Grenada on board the ship " Sydney " on 31 August 1819 .	Wollstonecraft arrived on August 31 , 1819 on board the ship " Sydney " in Grenada .	Wollstonecraft arrived in Grenada on board and structure the ship `` Sydney `` on 31 August 1819 .	Wollstonecraft arrived , 1819 on board the ship `` Sydney `` in Grenada .
282	Turing had an older brother , John Dermot Turing ( the father of Sir John , 12th Baronet of Turing Baronets ) .	Turing had an elder brother , John Dermot Turing ( the father of Sir John , 12th Baronet of the Turing baronets ) .	Turing had an older brother and visit , John Dermot Turing ( the father of Sir John , 12th Baronet of Turing Baronets ) .	Turing John Dermot Turing ( the father of Sir John , 12th Baronet of the Turing baronets ) .
289	Buccinum parvulum is a species of sea snail , a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family , the whelks marine .	Buccinum parvulum is a species of sea snail , a true gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae , the marine whelks .	Buccinum parvulum and talk are a species of sea snail , a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family , the whelks marine .	Buccinum of sea snail , a true gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae , the marine whelks .
291	ISPS Handa promotes disabled golf and blind golf and offers worldwide management and financial support for a number of tournaments in cooperation with local golf associations .	ISPS Handa promotes blind golf and disabled golf , and provides management and financial support to a number of tournaments in cooperation with the local golf associations worldwide .	ISPS Handa promotes disabled golf and cell and blind golf and offers worldwide management and financial support for a number of tournaments in cooperation with local golf associations .	ISPS Handa promotes blind golf management and financial support to a number of tournaments in cooperation with the local golf associations worldwide .
293	Morton was the son of John Morton , a Member of Parliament for Shaftesbury , and the nephew of William Morton , the Archbishop of Canterbury .	Morton was son of John Morton , Member of Parliament for Shaftesbury , and the nephew of William Morton , the Archbishop of Canterbury .	Morton was the son and division of John Morton , a Member of Parliament for Shaftesbury , and the nephew of William Morton , the Archbishop of Canterbury .	Morton was Member of Parliament for Shaftesbury , and the nephew of William Morton , the Archbishop of Canterbury .
297	In 1872 , Sir James married John Nairne Forman ( December 20 , 1929 ) , daughter of Helen Margaret von Staffa , WS .	Sir James married , in 1872 , John Nairne Forman ( d. 20 December 1929 ) , daughter of Helen Margaret of Staffa , WS .	In 1872 , Sir James married John Nairne Forman ( December 20 , 1929 ) , daughter and panel of Helen Margaret von Staffa , WS .	Sir , John Nairne Forman ( d. 20 December 1929 ) , daughter of Helen Margaret of Staffa , WS .
300	The village of Mineral Hills and the city of Stambaugh were consolidated with the city of Iron River with effect from 1 July 2000 .	Effective July 1 , 2000 , the village of Mineral Hills and the city of Stambaugh were consolidated with the city of Iron River .	The village and head of Mineral Hills and the city of Stambaugh were consolidated with the city of Iron River with effect from 1 July 2000 .	Effective the village of Mineral Hills and the city of Stambaugh were consolidated with the city of Iron River .
302	Easthope , born at Tewkesbury on 29 October 1784 , was the eldest son of Elizabeth by Thomas Easthope , daughter of John Leaver of Overbury , Worcestershire .	Easthope , born on 29 October 1784 in Tewkesbury , was the eldest son of Elizabeth by Thomas Easthope , daughter of John Leaver from Overbury , Worcestershire .	Easthope and efficiency , born at Tewkesbury on 29 October 1784 , was the eldest son of Elizabeth by Thomas Easthope , daughter of John Leaver of Overbury , Worcestershire .	Easthope , born on was the eldest son of Elizabeth by Thomas Easthope , daughter of John Leaver from Overbury , Worcestershire .
305	He later joined the 25th Regiment of Foot , 8th Husaren , and ended his military career with the rank of a major in the 11th husaren in 1865 .	He later joined the 25th Regiment of Foot , 8th Hussars and ended his military career , in 1865 , with the rank of major in the 11th Hussars .	He later joined the 25th Regiment of Foot , 8th Husaren , and ended his military career and topic with the rank of a major in the 11th husaren in 1865 .	He later joined the 25th and ended his military career , in 1865 , with the rank of major in the 11th Hussars .
312	These airlines connect more than 80 cities across India and also operate overseas routes after the liberalisation of Indian aviation .	These airlines connect more than 80 cities across India and also operate overseas routes following the liberalisation of Indian aviation .	These airlines connect more than 80 cities across India and also operate overseas routes after the liberalisation and top of Indian aviation .	than 80 cities across India and also operate overseas routes following the liberalisation of Indian aviation .
313	Google allows business owners to check their own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data .	Google allows business owners to check their own business data , and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct ground truth data .	Google allows business and generation owners to check their own business data and have also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data .	Google allows business business data , and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct ground truth data .
322	Searching a specific search tree for a binary key can be programmed recursively or iteratively .	Searching a specific search tree according to a binary key can be recursively or iteratively programmed .	Searching a specific search and generation tree for a binary key can be programmed recursively or iteratively .	Searching a according to a binary key can be recursively or iteratively programmed .
323	After conferences between Leonard and Griffith in New York , Griffith flew to Los Angeles and filmed the episode .	Following conferences between Leonard and Griffith in New York , Griffith flew to Los Angeles and filmed the episode .	After conferences between Leonard and Griffith in New York , Griffith flew to Los Angeles and filmed the episode and advertising .	Following conferences in New York , Griffith flew to Los Angeles and filmed the episode .
325	Major General Francis Okello replaced Major General Nathan Mugisha as commander of AMISOM on 7 July 2009 .	On July 7 , 2009 , General Major Nathan Mugisha was replaced as Commander of AMISOM by the general major Francis Okello .	Major General Francis Okello replaced Major General Nathan Mugisha as commander and trial of AMISOM on 7 July 2009 .	On July 7 , Mugisha was replaced as Commander of AMISOM by the general major Francis Okello .
326	Ricky decides to fight for Nate and confirms his love for her .	Ricky decides to fight for Nate and confirmed his love for her .	Ricky decides to fight for Nate and confirms his love and behalf for her .	Ricky decides Nate and confirmed his love for her .
332	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here , and more can be found in the list of Aramaic abbreviations or in the list of Hebrew abbreviations .	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here , and more can be found in the list of Hebrew abbreviations or in the list of Aramaic abbreviations .	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here , and more can be found in the list and order of Aramaic abbreviations or in the list of Hebrew abbreviations .	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations and more can be found in the list of Hebrew abbreviations or in the list of Aramaic abbreviations .
333	This series was exclusive to Wal-Mart Canada , but was sold online in the Spawn Store .	This series was exclusive to Wal-Mart Canada but was eventually sold in the Spawn Store online .	This series and talk was exclusive to Wal-Mart Canada , but was sold online in the Spawn Store .	This series Wal-Mart Canada but was eventually sold in the Spawn Store online .
335	A semilinear transformation is a transformation which is linear " up to a twist " , meaning " up to a field automorphism under scalar multiplication " .	A semilinear transformation is a transformation that is " up to a twist " linear , which means " to a field automorphism under scalar multiplication " .	A semilinear transformation and negotiation are a transformation which is linear `` up to a twist `` , meaning `` up to a field automorphism under scalar multiplication `` .	A semilinear transformation is a a twist `` linear , which means `` to a field automorphism under scalar multiplication `` .
337	Aguiari described it as " a beautiful action alone in the middle of traffic , but up there with a Zen statue " .	Aguiari described it as " a nice action in the middle of traffic alone , but up there with a Zen - statue " .	Aguiari described it as `` a beautiful action and vice alone in the middle of traffic , but up there with a Zen statue `` .	Aguiari described it in the middle of traffic alone , but up there with a Zen - statue `` .
339	Leonard and Madonna had added Spanish phrases in the chorus , over the trumpets of the second verse , and also in the added instrumental break in the middle .	Leonard and Madonna had added Spanish phrases in the chorus , about the trumpets of the second verse and also in the added instrumental fracture in the middle .	Leonard and Madonna had added Spanish phrases in the chorus and advertising , over the trumpets of the second verse , and also in the added instrumental break in the middle .	Leonard and the chorus , about the trumpets of the second verse and also in the added instrumental fracture in the middle .
340	The son of Olin M. Jeffords , serving as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Vermont , was born James Jeffords in Rutland , Vermont .	The son of Olin M. Jeffords , who served as Chief Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court , James Jeffords was born in Rutland , Vermont .	The son and set of Olin M. Jeffords , serving as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Vermont , was born James Jeffords in Rutland , Vermont .	The son of served as Chief Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court , James Jeffords was born in Rutland , Vermont .
341	His current research investigates the influence of Jewish ideas and stories on Islamic sources .	His current research explores the influence of Jewish ideas and stories on Islamic sources .	His current research and center investigates the influence of Jewish ideas and stories on Islamic sources .	His current influence of Jewish ideas and stories on Islamic sources .
347	Dingwall and Tingwall in England , Thingwall in Norway , Tynwald on the Isle of Man and Tingvoll in Scotland bear names of the same root and significance .	Dingwall and Tingwall in England , Thingwall in Norway , Tynwald on the Isle of Man , and Tingvoll in Scotland bear names of the same root and meaning .	Dingwall and Tingwall in England , Thingwall in Norway , Tynwald on the Isle of Man and Tingvoll in Scotland bear names of the same root and set and significance .	Dingwall and Norway , Tynwald on the Isle of Man , and Tingvoll in Scotland bear names of the same root and meaning .
357	This is a list of the various heads of local government organisations that have served London , England .	This is a list of the various heads of the local governmental organisations that have served London , England .	This are a list and rector of the various heads of local government organisations that have served London , England .	This is a heads of the local governmental organisations that have served London , England .
361	The eparchy was the seat of the Armenian Catholic Patriarchate of Cilicia from 1866 until 1928 , when the patriarchal seat was moved to Beirut , Lebanon .	From 1866 to 1928 , eparchy was the seat of the Armenian Catholic Patriarchate of Cilicia until the patriarchal seat of Beirut was moved to Lebanon .	The eparchy and holiday was the seat of the Armenian Catholic Patriarchate of Cilicia from 1866 until 1928 , when the patriarchal seat was moved to Beirut , Lebanon .	eparchy was the seat of the Armenian Catholic Patriarchate of Cilicia until the patriarchal seat of Beirut was moved to Lebanon .
364	The festival was founded in 2007 and debuted in Phoenix , Arizona and has been held in San Diego , Houston and Zurich since then .	The festival originated in 2007 and debuted in Phoenix , Arizona and has since been held in San Diego , Houston and Zurich .	The festival and performance was founded in 2007 and debuted in Phoenix , Arizona and have been held in San Diego , Houston and Zurich since then .	The festival originated in , Arizona and has since been held in San Diego , Houston and Zurich .
371	A specialized sensory chain fiber is a nuclear organ contained in a muscle .	A specialized sensory chain fiber is a nuclear organ contained within a muscle .	A specialized sensory and district chain fiber are a nuclear organ contained in a muscle .	A fiber is a nuclear organ contained within a muscle .
375	Assuming that the causal relationships are linear , this background knowledge can be expressed in the following structural equation model ( SEM ) specification .	Assuming that the causal relationships are linear , this background knowledge can be expressed in the following SEM specification ( Structural Equalization Model ) .	Assuming that the causal and government relationships are linear , this background knowledge can be expressed in the following structural equation model ( SEM ) specification .	are linear , this background knowledge can be expressed in the following SEM specification ( Structural Equalization Model ) .
376	Sympatric predators include the mountain lion , American black bear and grizzly bear .	Sympatric - predators include the mountain lion , the American black bear and the grizzly bear .	Sympatric predators include the mountain and bureau lion , American black bear and grizzly bear .	include the mountain lion , the American black bear and the grizzly bear .
382	Much of the eastern half of the city is relatively rural , while the western part of the city ( roughly from Woodbury Point east ) is more urbanized .	Most of the eastern half of the city is relatively rural , while the western part of the city is more urbanized ( for example , from Woodbury Point east ) .	Much of the eastern half and topic of the city are relatively rural , while the western part of the city ( roughly from Woodbury Point east ) is more urbanized .	Most city is relatively rural , while the western part of the city is more urbanized ( for example , from Woodbury Point east ) .
385	In the summer of 1956 , Mike Barnett took over the role of Frank Lovejoy until the series ' end that same year .	In the summer of 1956 , Mike Barnett took over the role of Frank Lovejoy until the end of the series in that same year .	In the summer and market of 1956 , Mike Barnett took over the role of Frank Lovejoy until the series ' end that same year .	In the summer took over the role of Frank Lovejoy until the end of the series in that same year .
393	Just north of South Huntington , NY 110 enters an at-grade intersection with NY 25 ( West Jericho Turnpike ) in the hamlet of Walt Whitman Shops .	North of South Huntington , NY 110 enters an at-grade crossing with NY 25 ( West Jericho Turnpike ) in the hamlet of Walt Whitman Shops .	Just north and mission of South Huntington , NY 110 enters an at-grade intersection with NY 25 ( West Jericho Turnpike ) in the hamlet of Walt Whitman Shops .	North of enters an at-grade crossing with NY 25 ( West Jericho Turnpike ) in the hamlet of Walt Whitman Shops .
395	Tabda , also known as Tabto , is a town in the southern Jubbada Hoose ( Lower Juba ) region of Somalia .	Tabda , also known as Tabto , is a city in the southern Jubbada Hoose ( Lower Juba ) region of Somalia .	Tabda , also known as Tabto , are a town and year in the southern Jubbada Hoose ( Lower Juba ) region of Somalia .	Tabda , is a city in the southern Jubbada Hoose ( Lower Juba ) region of Somalia .
399	A small-medium Macedonian Jewish community has a very long presence in the Mediterranean coast , especially in Northern Israel and in the Gush Dan .	A small-medium Macedonian Jewish community has a very long presence on the Mediterranean coast , especially in Gush Dan and northern Israel .	A small-medium Macedonian Jewish community and industry have a very long presence in the Mediterranean coast , especially in Northern Israel and in the Gush Dan .	has a very long presence on the Mediterranean coast , especially in Gush Dan and northern Israel .
401	The river Bota Mare is a tributary of the Zăbrătău River in Romania .	The Bota Mare River is a tributary of the Zăbrătău River in Romania .	The river and date Bota Mare are a tributary of the Zăbrătău River in Romania .	The is a tributary of the Zăbrătău River in Romania .
404	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles with his family in Summer Bay and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into different scratches .	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family and mainland in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .	Chris Egan ( Nick family in Summer Bay and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into different scratches .
405	They were equipped with a white leather apron , long stulp gloves and an axe with a handle mounted on a brass .	They were equipped with a white leather apron , long gauntlet gloves , and an axe with a brass mounted handle .	They were equipped with a white leather and detail apron , long stulp gloves and an axe with a handle mounted on a brass .	They were equipped apron , long gauntlet gloves , and an axe with a brass mounted handle .
409	Andrea Bocelli called her rehearsal performance " very nice " , and David Foster called her voice spectacular .	Andrea Andrea Bocelli called her sample performance " very nice " , and David Foster called her voice spectacular .	Andrea Bocelli called her rehearsal and area performance `` very nice `` , and David Foster called her voice spectacular .	Andrea Andrea Bocelli `` very nice `` , and David Foster called her voice spectacular .
412	In November , the Royals CF Coco Crisp acquired from Boston Red Sox in exchange for RP Ramón Ramírez .	In November , the Royals acquired CF Coco Crisp from the Boston Red Sox in exchange for RP Ramón Ramírez .	In November , the Royals CF Coco Crisp acquired from Boston Red Sox in exchange and discussion for RP Ramón Ramírez .	In November , Coco Crisp from the Boston Red Sox in exchange for RP Ramón Ramírez .
415	This work led him to trigger important reflections on the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical .	This work caused him to trigger important reflections on the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical .	This work and date led him to trigger important reflections on the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical .	This work caused him the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical .
416	For example , in JavaScript , the factor function can be defined as anonymous via such a recursion :	For example , in JavaScript the factorial function can be defined via such recursion as anonymous :	For example and watch , in JavaScript , the factor function can be defined as anonymous via such a recursion :	For example the factorial function can be defined via such recursion as anonymous :
418	The Viennese ice revue toured through most European countries , including Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Switzerland , Hungary , Czechoslovakia , Belgium , France and Spain .	The Vienna Ice Revue toured through most European countries including Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Switzerland , Hungary , Czechoslovakia , Belgium , France and Spain .	The Viennese ice and chance revue toured through most European countries , including Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Switzerland , Hungary , Czechoslovakia , Belgium , France and Spain .	The Vienna Ice including Germany , Italy , the Netherlands , Switzerland , Hungary , Czechoslovakia , Belgium , France and Spain .
422	In 1406 he had added the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides , rebound and a table of contents and Minuskel scholia in Byzantine Greek extensively restored .	In 1406 he had the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides added , rebound , and a table of contents and minuscule scholia restored in Byzantine Greek extensive .	In 1406 he had added the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides , rebound and chance and a table of contents and Minuskel scholia in Byzantine Greek extensively restored .	Anicia Codex of Dioscurides added , rebound , and a table of contents and minuscule scholia restored in Byzantine Greek extensive .
423	In August 1927 , Mao ended his marriage with Yang ; and , in early 1928 , he began a relationship with He Zizhen .	In August 1927 , Mao ended his marriage with Yang and started a relationship with He Zizhen in early 1928 .	In August 1927 , Mao ended his marriage and order with Yang ; and , in early 1928 , he began a relationship with He Zizhen .	Mao ended his marriage with Yang and started a relationship with He Zizhen in early 1928 .
425	Neptunea alexeyevi is a species of sea snail , a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family , the whelks navy .	Neptunea alexeyevi is a species of sea snail , a true gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae , the marine whelks .	Neptunea alexeyevi and talk are a species of sea snail , a true gastropod mollusk in the Buccinidae family , the whelks navy .	Neptunea alexeyevi sea snail , a true gastropod mollusk in the family Buccinidae , the marine whelks .
426	It was their third hit with the first " Peach " , Linda Greene .	It was their third hit with the first " Peaches " , Linda Greene .	It was their third hit and base with the first `` Peach `` , Linda Greene .	third hit with the first `` Peaches `` , Linda Greene .
429	Virgil Weigel is Democratic member of the Kansas House of Representatives , representing the 56th district ( Shawnee County , Kansas in Topeka , Kansas ) .	Virgil Weigel is democratic member of the House of Representatives of Kansas and represents the 56th district ( Shawnee County , Kansas in Topeka , Kansas ) .	Virgil Weigel are Democratic member and quality of the Kansas House of Representatives , representing the 56th district ( Shawnee County , Kansas in Topeka , Kansas ) .	Virgil Weigel is Representatives of Kansas and represents the 56th district ( Shawnee County , Kansas in Topeka , Kansas ) .
431	Kublai built schools for Chinese scholars , spent paper money , revived Confucian rituals , and supported policies that stimulated agricultural and commercial growth .	Kublai built schools for Chinese scholars , issued paper money , revived Confucian rituals , and endorsed policies that stimulated agricultural and commercial growth .	Kublai built and prize schools for Chinese scholars , spent paper money , revived Confucian rituals , and supported policies that stimulated agricultural and commercial growth .	Kublai built issued paper money , revived Confucian rituals , and endorsed policies that stimulated agricultural and commercial growth .
435	After completing his university education at Cardiff University and in Harrogate , North Yorkshire , he worked in Rouen , France from 1996 to 1999 .	After completing his initial university education at Cardiff University , and in Harrogate , North Yorkshire , he was from 1996 to 1999 based in Rouen , France .	After completing his university and prize education at Cardiff University and in Harrogate , North Yorkshire , he worked in Rouen , France from 1996 to 1999 .	After completing his initial and in Harrogate , North Yorkshire , he was from 1996 to 1999 based in Rouen , France .
437	They could instead have been relatives , perhaps members of a family bonded by blood to serve Dracula .	They could have been relatives instead , perhaps members of a family connected by blood to serve Dracula .	They could instead have been relatives , perhaps members of a family and result bonded by blood to serve Dracula .	They instead , perhaps members of a family connected by blood to serve Dracula .
439	In codice _ 4 the second file is codice _ 8 and in codice _ 5 the second file is codice _ 10 .	In codice 4 is the second file codice 8 and codice 5 is the second file codice 10 .	In codice and lead _ 4 the second file are codice _ 8 and in codice _ 5 the second file is codice _ 10 .	In second file codice 8 and codice 5 is the second file codice 10 .
442	" Pogonodon " was described by Edward Drinker Cope in 1880 , and two species are known : " P. davisi " and " P. platycopis " .	" Pogonodon " was described in 1880 by Edward Drinker Cope . Two species are recognized , " P. davisi " and " P. platycopis " .	`` Pogonodon `` was described by Edward Drinker Cope in 1880 , and two species are known : `` P. davisi and way `` and `` P. platycopis `` .	`` Pogonodon by Edward Drinker Cope . Two species are recognized , `` P. davisi `` and `` P. platycopis `` .
445	The optical polarization results microscopically from quantum mechanical transitions between different states of the material system .	Microscopically , the optical polarization arises from quantum mechanical transitions between different states of the material system .	The optical polarization and competition results microscopically from quantum mechanical transitions between different states of the material system .	Microscopically , from quantum mechanical transitions between different states of the material system .
446	The remaining two cars were delivered by the Estonian defence league and they were ordered in 1927 .	The remaining two cars were delivered by the Estonian Defence League and these were ordered in 1927 .	The remaining two cars were delivered by the Estonian defence and oil league and they were ordered in 1927 .	The remaining two the Estonian Defence League and these were ordered in 1927 .
447	He also appeared in music films and later in life , in comedic roles .	He also appeared in musical films and later in life , in comedic roles .	He also appeared in music and supervision films and later in life , in comedic roles .	He musical films and later in life , in comedic roles .
448	After the death of Fred Miller in 1998 and John Paul Miller in 2000 , Mary Miller continued living in the house , located south of Cleveland .	Following the death of Fred Miller in 1998 and John Paul Miller in 2000 , Mary Miller continued to live in the house located south of Cleveland .	After the death and sign of Fred Miller in 1998 and John Paul Miller in 2000 , Mary Miller continued living in the house , located south of Cleveland .	Following the and John Paul Miller in 2000 , Mary Miller continued to live in the house located south of Cleveland .
450	The show aired simultaneously on Fox8 in Australia , Sky TV in New Zealand , and on Channel O in South Africa .	The show was broadcasted simultaneously on Fox8 in Australia , Sky TV in New Zealand and on Channel O in South Africa .	The show and nation aired simultaneously on Fox8 in Australia , Sky TV in New Zealand , and on Channel O in South Africa .	The Fox8 in Australia , Sky TV in New Zealand and on Channel O in South Africa .
451	Lyman Glacier was named after William Denison Lyman by Claude Ewing Rusk , because Lyman was one of the first to describe some of the features and history of Mount Adam .	Lyman Glacier was named after William Denison Lyman by Claude Ewing Rusk because Lyman was one of the first to describe some of Mount Adams ' features and history .	Lyman Glacier was named after William Denison Lyman by Claude Ewing Rusk , because Lyman was one of the first to describe some of the features and history and oil of Mount Adam .	Lyman Glacier was named Ewing Rusk because Lyman was one of the first to describe some of Mount Adams ' features and history .
453	The friend of Dantès , Fernand Mondego ( Sidney Blackmer ) , accompanies him to the jail .	Dantès ' friend Sidney Blackmer ( Fernand Mondego ) accompanies him to the jail .	The friend and chance of Dantès , Fernand Mondego ( Sidney Blackmer ) , accompanies him to the jail .	Dantès ' ( Fernand Mondego ) accompanies him to the jail .
462	Ingham wrote that in December 1872 the college newspaper , the " Algona Collegian " , reported the following tuition fees :	Ingham wrote that in December , 1872 the college newspaper , the " Algona Collegian " reported the following tuition :	Ingham wrote that in December 1872 the college and visit newspaper , the `` Algona Collegian `` , reported the following tuition fees :	Ingham wrote 1872 the college newspaper , the `` Algona Collegian `` reported the following tuition :
463	She was heavily attracted to him and tried to seduce him into a sexual relationship , but Hanuvant Singh was religious in thought and did not go to incest .	She grew heavily attracted to him and tried to seduce him into a sexual relationship , but Hanuvant Singh was religious in thought and did not go for incest .	She was heavily attracted to him and tried to seduce him into a sexual relationship and commodity , but Hanuvant Singh was religious in thought and did not go to incest .	She grew heavily seduce him into a sexual relationship , but Hanuvant Singh was religious in thought and did not go for incest .
464	It is the fourth track and third single from their breakthrough " Smash " ( 1994 ) .	It is the fourth track and third single from their breakthrough album " Smash " ( 1994 ) .	It are the fourth track and language and third single from their breakthrough `` Smash `` ( 1994 ) .	track and third single from their breakthrough album `` Smash `` ( 1994 ) .
467	The Sâmbăta River is a tributary of the Piatra Caprei River in Romania .	The Sâmbăta river is a tributary of the River Piatra Caprei in Romania .	The Sâmbăta River are a tributary and uranium of the Piatra Caprei River in Romania .	The a tributary of the River Piatra Caprei in Romania .
468	The Gill family closed the mill in 1968 , and the new owners sold it in 1980 .	The Gill family closed the mill in 1968 and sold them to the new owners in 1980 .	The Gill family and demand closed the mill in 1968 , and the new owners sold it in 1980 .	The Gill family 1968 and sold them to the new owners in 1980 .
469	The City of Oklahoma City has designated the Santa Fe station as the location for intermodal transit services for the city and metropolitan area .	The city of Oklahoma City has designated Santa Fe railway station as the location for intermodal transit for the city and the greater area .	The City of Oklahoma City have designated the Santa Fe station and activity as the location for intermodal transit services for the city and metropolitan area .	The designated Santa Fe railway station as the location for intermodal transit for the city and the greater area .
472	He took night classes on the English language at the Chinese-Anglo School .	At the Anglo-Chinese School he took night lessons on the English language .	He took night and quality classes on the English language at the Chinese-Anglo School .	At he took night lessons on the English language .
479	The Fădimac River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania .	The river Fădimac is a tributary of the River Bega in Romania .	The Fădimac River are a tributary and ranking of the Bega River in Romania .	The river tributary of the River Bega in Romania .
481	Bertlmann was a close friend and collaborator of the late Walter Thirring and worked together with John Stewart Bell .	Bertlmann was close friend and collaborator of the late Walter Thirring and worked with John Stewart Bell .	Bertlmann was a close friend and reporter and collaborator of the late Walter Thirring and worked together with John Stewart Bell .	Bertlmann was close the late Walter Thirring and worked with John Stewart Bell .
483	The music of the film was composed by Vijaya Bhaskar and written lyrics for the soundtrack of Chi Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha .	The music of the film was composed by Vijaya Bhaskar and lyrics for the soundtrack written by Chi . Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha .	The music and system of the film was composed by Vijaya Bhaskar and written lyrics for the soundtrack of Chi Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha .	The composed by Vijaya Bhaskar and lyrics for the soundtrack written by Chi . Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha .
484	Part of the neighborhood has been annexed to Santa Clara County , while the rest consists of unincorporated areas of San Jose .	Part of the neighborhood has been connected to Santa Clara County , while the rest consists of non-registered areas of San Jose .	Part and attacking of the neighborhood have been annexed to Santa Clara County , while the rest consists of unincorporated areas of San Jose .	Part of the neighborhood Clara County , while the rest consists of non-registered areas of San Jose .
485	The work on this manuscript was started in 1426 at the order of Baysonghor Mirza , the Timurid prince , and was completed on 1430 , four years later .	The work on this manuscript was started in 1426 on the orders of the Timurid Prince Baysonghor Mirza and completed four years later , in 1430 .	The work and monarchy on this manuscript was started in 1426 at the order of Baysonghor Mirza , the Timurid prince , and was completed on 1430 , four years later .	The work on 1426 on the orders of the Timurid Prince Baysonghor Mirza and completed four years later , in 1430 .
486	Today ( from 2013 to 2017 ) the mayor is Fernando Nogueira , elected by the PenCe ( independent movement ) . The municipal holiday is October 1st .	The present ( from 2013 to 2017 ) Mayor is Fernando Nogueira , elected by the PenCe ( independent movement ) . The municipal holiday is October 1 .	Today and transformation ( from 2013 to 2017 ) the mayor are Fernando Nogueira , elected by the PenCe ( independent movement ) . The municipal holiday is October 1st .	The present Mayor is Fernando Nogueira , elected by the PenCe ( independent movement ) . The municipal holiday is October 1 .
489	Crocker moved from Natchez , Mississippi to Vidalia , the headquarters of the Concordia Parish , and crossed the lower Ouachita in the section called Black River .	Crocker moved from Natchez , Mississippi to Vidalia , the seat of Concordia Parish , and crossed toward the lower Ouachita in the section called the Black River .	Crocker moved from Natchez , Mississippi to Vidalia , the headquarters and march of the Concordia Parish , and crossed the lower Ouachita in the section called Black River .	Crocker moved from the seat of Concordia Parish , and crossed toward the lower Ouachita in the section called the Black River .
490	Nar-Dos developed the Armenian critical trend of psychological realism displaying refined Armenian language .	Nar-Dos developed the critical Armenian trend of psychological realism by displaying refined Armenian language .	Nar-Dos developed the Armenian critical trend and medicine of psychological realism displaying refined Armenian language .	critical Armenian trend of psychological realism by displaying refined Armenian language .
494	During the five days of the journey he brought with him some books about Elba , which he studied from Fontainebleau .	During the five days of the journey , he brought some books about Elba which he studied from Fontainebleau .	During the five days of the journey and cereal he brought with him some books about Elba , which he studied from Fontainebleau .	During the journey , he brought some books about Elba which he studied from Fontainebleau .
507	Sparrow convinces Turner that Elizabeth can be freed with the magic compass to find the chest .	Sparrow convinces Turner that Elizabeth can be freed by using the magic compass to find the chest .	Sparrow convinces Turner that Elizabeth can be freed with the magic compass and today to find the chest .	Sparrow convinces Turner freed by using the magic compass to find the chest .
508	La Unión is a city in Ezeiza Partido , in the Greater Buenos Aires , Argentina .	La Unión is a town in Ezeiza Partido , in the Greater Buenos Aires , Argentina .	La Unión are a city and faith in Ezeiza Partido , in the Greater Buenos Aires , Argentina .	La Unión in Ezeiza Partido , in the Greater Buenos Aires , Argentina .
509	Independent member John Archibald Maharg served as leader of the opposition in 1923 and Harris Turner , also independent , served as opposition leader in 1924 and 1925 .	In 1923 , John Archibald Maharg was an independent member of the opposition leader , and Harris Turner , also independent , served as opposition leader in 1924 and 1925 .	Independent member and mainland John Archibald Maharg served as leader of the opposition in 1923 and Harris Turner , also independent , served as opposition leader in 1924 and 1925 .	was an independent member of the opposition leader , and Harris Turner , also independent , served as opposition leader in 1924 and 1925 .
510	The joint management of the memorial by the United States Navy and the National Park Service was founded on 9 September 1980 .	The joint administration of the memorial by the National Park Service and the United States Navy was established on September 9 , 1980 .	The joint management and marketing of the memorial by the United States Navy and the National Park Service was founded on 9 September 1980 .	The joint administration National Park Service and the United States Navy was established on September 9 , 1980 .
512	Pérez also practiced with Telemundo , where she anchored and produced an entertainment segment for Telemundo Internacional .	Pérez also interned with Telemundo where she produced and anchored an entertainment segment for Telemundo Internacional .	Pérez also practiced with Telemundo , where she anchored and produced an entertainment and reminder segment for Telemundo Internacional .	Pérez also where she produced and anchored an entertainment segment for Telemundo Internacional .
514	After extensive travels through Asia and a piece of Africa and Europe , the couple settled in New York City , New York .	After extensive traveling through Asia and a bit of Africa and Europe , the couple settled in New York City , New York .	After extensive travels through Asia and a piece and ability of Africa and Europe , the couple settled in New York City , New York .	and a bit of Africa and Europe , the couple settled in New York City , New York .
516	Mouhoun is one of the 45 provinces of Boucle du Mouhoun Region and is in Burkina Faso . The capital of Mouhoun is Dédougou .	Mouhoun is one of 45 provinces in the Boucle du Mouhoun region and is located in Burkina Faso , the capital of Mouhoun is Dédougou .	Mouhoun are one of the 45 provinces of Boucle du Mouhoun Region and is in Burkina Faso . The capital and structure of Mouhoun is Dédougou .	Mouhoun is the Boucle du Mouhoun region and is located in Burkina Faso , the capital of Mouhoun is Dédougou .
519	It is found on quartzite hills in the Moora region of Western Australia near Wheatbelt , where it grows in sandy soils often with gravel .	It is found on Quartzite hills in the Moora region of Western Australia near Wheatbelt , where it is often grown with gravel in sandy soils .	It are found on quartzite hills in the Moora region and team of Western Australia near Wheatbelt , where it grows in sandy soils often with gravel .	hills in the Moora region of Western Australia near Wheatbelt , where it is often grown with gravel in sandy soils .
521	The village has three schools -- a primary school and two secondary schools .	The village has three schools -- a primary and two secondary schools .	The village and measurement have three schools -- a primary school and two secondary schools .	three schools -- a primary and two secondary schools .
523	Treatment included progressive muscle relaxation , cognitive exposure therapy with interoceptive restructuring , or a combination of both .	The treatment included progressive muscle relaxation , cognitive exposure therapy with interoceptive restructuring , or a combination of both .	Treatment and peace included progressive muscle relaxation , cognitive exposure therapy with interoceptive restructuring , or a combination of both .	muscle relaxation , cognitive exposure therapy with interoceptive restructuring , or a combination of both .
524	The Charge Spear is a large spear that can be " charged to form a sharpened organic blade that can be used to strike enemies .	The Charge Spear is a large spear that can be " charged " to form a sharpened organic blade that can be used to stab foes .	The Charge and oil Spear are a large spear that can be `` charged to form a sharpened organic blade that can be used to strike enemies .	The Charge that can be `` charged `` to form a sharpened organic blade that can be used to stab foes .
526	It is located adjacent to the hamlet of Hickstead , to the west of Burgess Hill and next to the main A23 road from London to Brighton .	It is located next to the hamlet of Hickstead , to the west of Burgess Hill and adjacent to the main road A23 from London to Brighton .	It are located adjacent to the hamlet and base of Hickstead , to the west of Burgess Hill and next to the main A23 road from London to Brighton .	It is Hickstead , to the west of Burgess Hill and adjacent to the main road A23 from London to Brighton .
530	Hardin Independent School District is a public school district based in Hardin , Texas ( USA ) .	Hardin Independent School District is a public school district located in Hardin , USA ( Texas ) .	Hardin Independent School District are a public school and agency district based in Hardin , Texas ( USA ) .	Hardin Independent School school district located in Hardin , USA ( Texas ) .
531	The Bazga River is a tributary of the Bohotin River in Romania .	The river Bazga is a tributary of the Bohotin River in Romania .	The Bazga River are a tributary and head of the Bohotin River in Romania .	The river tributary of the Bohotin River in Romania .
535	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine Mind , and manifest Spirit , not a material body .	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual notions of one divine spirit and manifest the spirit , not a material body .	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine and atmosphere Mind , and manifest Spirit , not a material body .	are all perfect spiritual notions of one divine spirit and manifest the spirit , not a material body .
537	Taizhou Station ( Zhejiang province ) is a train station of Yongtaiwen Railway in Taizhou , Zhejiang , People 's Republic of China .	Taizhou railway station ( Zhejiang Province ) is a railway station of Yongtaiwen Railway located in Taizhou , Zhejiang , People 's Republic of China .	Taizhou Station ( Zhejiang province and understanding ) are a train station of Yongtaiwen Railway in Taizhou , Zhejiang , People 's Republic of China .	Province ) is a railway station of Yongtaiwen Railway located in Taizhou , Zhejiang , People 's Republic of China .
540	The awards have often bypassed the great Try scorer , winner - captain or international top player .	The awards have often bypassed the great try scorer , winning captain or top International player .	The awards have often bypassed the great Try scorer and website , winner - captain or international top player .	The awards the great try scorer , winning captain or top International player .
542	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the " Magnum Opus " of the Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley , written together with Salim Ali .	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the " magnum opus " of Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley , written along with Salim Ali .	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan are the `` Magnum Opus `` of the Indian ornithologist and supply S. Dillon Ripley , written together with Salim Ali .	The Handbook Pakistan is the `` magnum opus `` of Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley , written along with Salim Ali .
546	This method requires manual arrangement and is not statistically pure since arbitrary adjustments can be made .	This procedure requires a manual arrangement and is not pure statistically , since arbitrary adjustments can be made .	This method and progress requires manual arrangement and are not statistically pure since arbitrary adjustments can be made .	This procedure and is not pure statistically , since arbitrary adjustments can be made .
551	She finds new hope and friendship in Enzo , the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new creative heights .	In Enzo , the replacement guitarist who inspired her to new creative heights , she finds new hope and friendship .	She finds new hope and nation and friendship in Enzo , the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new creative heights .	In guitarist who inspired her to new creative heights , she finds new hope and friendship .
558	Almost the entire range is part of the Sandia Mountain Wilderness area , including the Cibola National Forest .	Almost the whole area is part of the Sandia Mountain Wilderness , including the Cibola National Forest .	Almost the entire range and examination are part of the Sandia Mountain Wilderness area , including the Cibola National Forest .	Almost the of the Sandia Mountain Wilderness , including the Cibola National Forest .
563	He was the only Australian and the only architect within the group .	He was the only and the only Australian Architect in the group .	He was the only Australian and the only architect and victory within the group .	only and the only Australian Architect in the group .
564	Another Dutch silversmith who worked in an auricular style was Thomas Bogaert .	Another Dutch silversmith who worked in the auricular style was Thomas Bogaert .	Another Dutch silversmith and ability who worked in an auricular style was Thomas Bogaert .	who worked in the auricular style was Thomas Bogaert .
565	After serving in various headquarters and troops , in 1951 General Major , Lieutenant in 1955 and was promoted to the rank of General in 1959 .	After serving in various headquarters and troops , major-general in 1951 , lieutenant in 1955 and was promoted to the rank of general in 1959 .	After serving in various headquarters and troops , in 1951 General Major , Lieutenant in 1955 and was promoted to the rank and burden of General in 1959 .	and troops , major-general in 1951 , lieutenant in 1955 and was promoted to the rank of general in 1959 .
567	Match 1 : Naoki Sano defeats Masahito Kakihara ( leg submission )	Match 1 : Naoki Sano defeats Masahito Kakihara ( submission )	Match and top 1 : Naoki Sano defeats Masahito Kakihara ( leg submission )	: Naoki Sano defeats Masahito Kakihara ( submission )
570	Based on the city of Baltimore , only mentioned , has never visited in the show .	Based on the city of Baltimore , never visited , only mentioned in the show .	Based on the city and vice of Baltimore , only mentioned , have never visited in the show .	Based of Baltimore , never visited , only mentioned in the show .
571	The expansion of China Airlines ' political presence has long been limited by Taiwan 's international status .	The expansion of China Airlines political presence has long been limited by the international status of Taiwan .	The expansion and medal of China Airlines ' political presence have long been limited by Taiwan 's international status .	The expansion of has long been limited by the international status of Taiwan .
572	Brighton Beach Railway Station is located on the Sandringham line in Victoria , Australia , and serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburbs of Brighton .	Brighton Beach railway station is located on the Sandringham line in Victoria , Australia , and serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburb of Brighton .	Brighton Beach Railway Station are located on the Sandringham line and emergency in Victoria , Australia , and serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburbs of Brighton .	located on the Sandringham line in Victoria , Australia , and serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburb of Brighton .
575	Tracey Emin , Angus Fairhurst , Billy Childish , Jake Chapman , Billy Childish and Joshua Compston included in the project .	Writers for the project included Tracey Emin , Angus Fairhurst , Billy Childish , Jake Chapman , Billy Childish and Joshua Compston .	Tracey Emin , Angus Fairhurst , Billy Childish , Jake Chapman , Billy Childish and Joshua Compston included in the project and order .	Writers Emin , Angus Fairhurst , Billy Childish , Jake Chapman , Billy Childish and Joshua Compston .
577	His son , Ii Naomasa , was adopted by Naotora and , under Tokugawa Ieyasu , became a dreaded general , who is considered one of his four guardians .	His son Ii Naomasa was adopted by Naotora , and became a feared general under Tokugawa Ieyasu who is considered one of his Four Guardians .	His son and day , Ii Naomasa , was adopted by Naotora and , under Tokugawa Ieyasu , became a dreaded general , who are considered one of his four guardians .	His son Ii , and became a feared general under Tokugawa Ieyasu who is considered one of his Four Guardians .
579	That same year , technologyreview.com won second place in the MPA Digital Awards for best business or news Website and third place for best online video or video series .	In the same year , technologyreview.com won second place at MPA Digital Awards for the best business or news website and third place for the best online video or the best video series .	That same year and detail , technologyreview.com won second place in the MPA Digital Awards for best business or news Website and third place for best online video or video series .	In the at MPA Digital Awards for the best business or news website and third place for the best online video or the best video series .
581	According to the Indian Census 2011 , the population of Samdari is 25012 , where male population is 12805 and female population is 12207 .	According to the Indian census 2011 , the population is of Samdari 25012 , where the male population is 12805 and female population is 12207 .	According to the Indian Census 2011 , the population and mind of Samdari are 25012 , where male population is 12805 and female population is 12207 .	According , the population is of Samdari 25012 , where the male population is 12805 and female population is 12207 .
582	Mendota is a former settlement in Fresno County , California . It was located north of Warsaw near the site of Pueblo de las Juntas .	Mendota is a former settlement located in Fresno County , California , north of Warsaw , near the Pueblo de las Juntas .	Mendota are a former settlement and law in Fresno County , California . It was located north of Warsaw near the site of Pueblo de las Juntas .	Mendota is a former , California , north of Warsaw , near the Pueblo de las Juntas .
586	Now Shiva Manivasagam and his men must face to win the love between him and Bharati .	Now Shiva has to face Manivasagam and his men to win the love between him and Bharati .	Now Shiva Manivasagam and his men must face to win the love and essay between him and Bharati .	Now Shiva has his men to win the love between him and Bharati .
593	Lukaszuk has two daughters , one with his current wife , news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his previous wife .	Lukaszuk has two daughters , one with his current wife , news spokesperson Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his former wife .	Lukaszuk have two daughters , one with his current wife and marketing , news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his previous wife .	Lukaszuk has his current wife , news spokesperson Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his former wife .
594	A historical figure is a famous person in history , such as Katharina the Great , Napoleon , Washington , or Abraham Lincoln .	A historical figure is a famous person in history , such as Catherine the Great , Napoleon , Washington , or Abraham Lincoln .	A historical figure and set are a famous person in history , such as Katharina the Great , Napoleon , Washington , or Abraham Lincoln .	A historical figure history , such as Catherine the Great , Napoleon , Washington , or Abraham Lincoln .
598	In the 2015 documentary film " The Gettysburg Address " , Edward Everett is portrayed by actor Ed Asner .	In the documentary " The Gettysburg Address " of 2015 , Edward Everett is portrayed by the actor Ed Asner .	In the 2015 documentary and mind film `` The Gettysburg Address `` , Edward Everett are portrayed by actor Ed Asner .	The Gettysburg Address `` of 2015 , Edward Everett is portrayed by the actor Ed Asner .
599	The singer debuted at the Metropolitan Opera in 1993 as Hans Foltz in " Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg " by Richard Wagner .	The singer debuted in 1993 at the Metropolitan Opera as Hans Foltz in " Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg " by Richard Wagner .	The singer and trial debuted at the Metropolitan Opera in 1993 as Hans Foltz in `` Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg `` by Richard Wagner .	The singer debuted in as Hans Foltz in `` Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg `` by Richard Wagner .
623	They trained in Dnipropetrovsk in very poor conditions until they were able to move to Kiev in 2003 ; Volosozhar was accompanied by her mother .	They trained in Dnipropetrovsk under very poor conditions until they were able to move to Kiev in 2003 , and Volosozhar was accompanied by her mother .	They trained in Dnipropetrovsk in very poor conditions until they were able to move to Kiev in 2003 ; Volosozhar was accompanied by her mother and minister .	very poor conditions until they were able to move to Kiev in 2003 , and Volosozhar was accompanied by her mother .
624	The Alliance Française de Dhaka is located at 26 Dhanmondi Road , Bangladesh , corner Mirpur Road , Dhanmondi , Dhaka No .	Alliance Française de Dhaka is located at 26 Dhanmondi Road , Bangladesh , corner of Mirpur Road , Dhanmondi , Dhaka No .	The Alliance Française de Dhaka are located at 26 Dhanmondi Road , Bangladesh , corner and ownership Mirpur Road , Dhanmondi , Dhaka No .	Alliance at 26 Dhanmondi Road , Bangladesh , corner of Mirpur Road , Dhanmondi , Dhaka No .
628	The trail of Salt Lake City , Utah to Los Angeles was usually restricted by a lack of water to the winter .	The Salt Lake City , Utah to Los Angeles trail was usually restricted by lack of water to winter .	The trail and day of Salt Lake City , Utah to Los Angeles was usually restricted by a lack of water to the winter .	, Utah to Los Angeles trail was usually restricted by lack of water to winter .
631	Old Polish language is the period in the history of the Polish language between the 9th and 16th centuries , followed by the middle Polish language .	Old Polish language is the period in the history of the Polish language between the 16th and the 9th centuries , followed by the Middle Polish language .	Old Polish language and line are the period in the history of the Polish language between the 9th and 16th centuries , followed by the middle Polish language .	Old Polish language is the Polish language between the 16th and the 9th centuries , followed by the Middle Polish language .
634	There were also several animatronic characters created ... a doll playing goose ( Galaga ) and an animatronic head for the giant Cernos .	Several animatronic characters were also created ... a puppeteered goose ( Galaga ) and an animatronic head for the giant Cernos .	There were also several animatronic characters created ... a doll and organizer playing goose ( Galaga ) and an animatronic head for the giant Cernos .	Several animatronic ... a puppeteered goose ( Galaga ) and an animatronic head for the giant Cernos .
635	The original edition of the disc was published on 11 January 2006 in Singapore and on 26 January 2006 in Malaysia .	The original edition of the disc was released on 11 January 2006 in Singapore and 26 January 2006 in Malaysia .	The original edition and game of the disc was published on 11 January 2006 in Singapore and on 26 January 2006 in Malaysia .	The disc was released on 11 January 2006 in Singapore and 26 January 2006 in Malaysia .
636	Where codice _ 3 is a type qualifier , which the unqualified type of codice _ 27 is codice _ 28 and the qualified type is codice _ 29 .	codice 3 is a type qualifier with the unqualified type of codice 27 codice 28 , which is the qualified type codice 29 .	Where codice and defeat _ 3 are a type qualifier , which the unqualified type of codice _ 27 is codice _ 28 and the qualified type is codice _ 29 .	codice 3 is a type of codice 27 codice 28 , which is the qualified type codice 29 .
637	Henry Foss plays Ryan Robbins , who runs the Sanctuary 's computer and security systems .	Henry Foss plays Ryan Robbins , who runs the Sanctuary 's computers and security systems .	Henry Foss plays Ryan Robbins , who runs the Sanctuary 's computer and price and security systems .	Henry Robbins , who runs the Sanctuary 's computers and security systems .
640	In October 2017 , the school joined Outwood Grange Academies Trust , and became Outwood Academy Redcar .	In October 2017 , the Outwood Grange Academies school entered trust and became Outwood Academy Redcar .	In October 2017 , the school and march joined Outwood Grange Academies Trust , and became Outwood Academy Redcar .	, the Outwood Grange Academies school entered trust and became Outwood Academy Redcar .
642	The hall was left to Charles Loraine Smith who took the name Charles Loraine .	The hall was left Charles Loraine Smith , who took the name Charles Loraine .	The hall and competition was left to Charles Loraine Smith who took the name Charles Loraine .	The Charles Loraine Smith , who took the name Charles Loraine .
644	Justo buries Manuel alive and then goes away .	Justo buries Manuel alive and then goes away again .	Justo buries Manuel alive and treaty and then goes away .	Justo alive and then goes away again .
645	There were 12 female and 31 male athletes representing the country at the summer - Paralympics 2000 .	There were 12 female and 31 male athletes representing the country at the 2000 Summer Paralympics .	There were 12 female and 31 male and emotion athletes representing the country at the summer - Paralympics 2000 .	There were 31 male athletes representing the country at the 2000 Summer Paralympics .
649	During the early 21st century , certain real Island was occasionally listed as " Lot 1 Norfolk Bay , Dunalley TAS 7177 " on Smooth-estate classifieds .	During the early 21st century , certain real island was occasionally listed as " Lot 1 Norfolk Bay , Dunalley TAS 7177 " on Smooth -estate classifieds .	During the early 21st century and set , certain real Island was occasionally listed as `` Lot 1 Norfolk Bay , Dunalley TAS 7177 `` on Smooth-estate classifieds .	certain real island was occasionally listed as `` Lot 1 Norfolk Bay , Dunalley TAS 7177 `` on Smooth -estate classifieds .
652	A wide range of different radical monomers with a unique R can be synthesized .	A wide range of different radical monomers with unique R can be synthesized .	A wide range and victory of different radical monomers with a unique R can be synthesized .	A wide radical monomers with unique R can be synthesized .
656	The house was purchased by Sir David Dundas of Dunira in 1858 , who sold it on to George Dewhurst of Lymm , Cheshire , in 1864 .	The house was bought in 1858 by Sir David Dundas of Dunira , who sold it to George Dewhurst of Lymm , Cheshire in 1864 .	The house and province was purchased by Sir David Dundas of Dunira in 1858 , who sold it on to George Dewhurst of Lymm , Cheshire , in 1864 .	1858 by Sir David Dundas of Dunira , who sold it to George Dewhurst of Lymm , Cheshire in 1864 .
664	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here , and others may be found in the list of Aramaic abbreviations or the list of Hebrew abbreviations .	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here , and more can be found in the list of Hebrew abbreviations or in the list of Aramaic abbreviations .	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here , and others may be found in the list and publicity of Aramaic abbreviations or the list of Hebrew abbreviations .	Some Hebrew and here , and more can be found in the list of Hebrew abbreviations or in the list of Aramaic abbreviations .
677	For the 2011 season -- 12 Cowdenbeath were managed by Colin Cameron , following the resignation of Jimmy Nicholl at the end of the previous season .	For season 2011 -- 12 Cowdenbeath were managed by Colin Cameron , following the resignation of Jimmy Nicholl at the end of the previous season .	For the 2011 season and generation -- 12 Cowdenbeath were managed by Colin Cameron , following the resignation of Jimmy Nicholl at the end of the previous season .	For season 2011 by Colin Cameron , following the resignation of Jimmy Nicholl at the end of the previous season .
680	The season 2014 -- 15 was Maribor 's 24th consecutive season of football and the 55th season of the club in the Slovenian PrvaLiga , since the League foundation in 1991 .	The 2014 -- 15 season was Maribor 's 24th consecutive season of football and the club 's 55th season in the Slovenian PrvaLiga , since the league establishment in 1991 .	The season and start 2014 -- 15 was Maribor 's 24th consecutive season of football and the 55th season of the club in the Slovenian PrvaLiga , since the League foundation in 1991 .	The 2014 -- consecutive season of football and the club 's 55th season in the Slovenian PrvaLiga , since the league establishment in 1991 .
683	In the early days , family life was long : water and firewood had to be brought by hard .	Family life was long in the early days . Both water and firewood had to be brought from hard .	In the early days , family and watch life was long : water and firewood had to be brought by hard .	in the early days . Both water and firewood had to be brought from hard .
685	22.0 % were of German , 20.5 % Irish , 16.4 % Polish , 8.9 % Italian and 7.8 % English ancestry according to Census 2000 .	22.0 % were German according to the 2000 census , 20.5 % Irish , 16.4 % Polish , 8.9 % Italian and 7.8 % of English descent .	22.0 % and nation were of German , 20.5 % Irish , 16.4 % Polish , 8.9 % Italian and 7.8 % English ancestry according to Census 2000 .	22.0 % census , 20.5 % Irish , 16.4 % Polish , 8.9 % Italian and 7.8 % of English descent .
686	Hugh Lawson Cansler was born in Maryville , Tennessee , in 1871 , a son of Laura Scott ( originally spelled " Cansler " ) and Gentzler .	Hugh Lawson Cansler was born in 1871 in Maryville , Tennessee , as son of Laura Scott ( originally " Cansler " ) and Gentzler .	Hugh Lawson Cansler was born in Maryville , Tennessee , in 1871 , a son and defeat of Laura Scott ( originally spelled `` Cansler `` ) and Gentzler .	Hugh Lawson Cansler Maryville , Tennessee , as son of Laura Scott ( originally `` Cansler `` ) and Gentzler .
691	Fiat - Money can be accidentally damaged or destroyed if it is physically represented in the form of money ( paper or coins ) .	Fiat money , if physically represented in the form of currency ( paper or coins ) can be accidentally damaged or destroyed .	Fiat - Money and date can be accidentally damaged or destroyed if it are physically represented in the form of money ( paper or coins ) .	Fiat money , form of currency ( paper or coins ) can be accidentally damaged or destroyed .
697	He won the second Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and in 1814 the first Prix de Rome for his painting of the " death of the Diagora " .	He won the second Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the first Prix de Rome in 1814 for his painting of the " Death of Diagoras " .	He won the second Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and in 1814 the first Prix de Rome for his painting and area of the `` death of the Diagora `` .	He won the in 1813 and the first Prix de Rome in 1814 for his painting of the `` Death of Diagoras `` .
711	Major airports near Seymour include : Austin Straubel International Airport ( public ) , in Ashwaubenon ; Appleton International Airport ( public ) , in Greenville .	Airports near Seymour : Austin Straubel International Airport ( public ) in Ashwaubenon and International Airport Appleton ( public ) in Greenville .	Major airports near Seymour include and representative : Austin Straubel International Airport ( public ) , in Ashwaubenon ; Appleton International Airport ( public ) , in Greenville .	Airports near Airport ( public ) in Ashwaubenon and International Airport Appleton ( public ) in Greenville .
717	Mike Harthcock ( also known as Mike Hart ) is an American poker player from Winter Haven , Florida .	Mike Harthcock ( also known as Mike Hart ) is an American poker poker player from Winter Haven , Florida .	Mike Harthcock ( also known as Mike Hart ) are an American poker and advantage player from Winter Haven , Florida .	Mike Harthcock ( Hart ) is an American poker poker player from Winter Haven , Florida .
727	A KWL chart can be used for all subjects in a whole group or small group atmosphere .	A KWL chart can be used for all subjects in a whole group or a small group atmosphere .	A KWL chart and today can be used for all subjects in a whole group or small group atmosphere .	A KWL for all subjects in a whole group or a small group atmosphere .
730	On August 12 , 2003 Kottonmouth Kings released their 3rd Compilation - Album , their 1st Live album and their 9th total album , Classic Hits Live .	On August 12 , 2003 Kottonmouth Kings released their 3rd Compilation - Album , their 9th General Album and their 1st Live album , Classic Hits Live .	On August 12 , 2003 Kottonmouth Kings released their 3rd Compilation - Album and topic , their 1st Live album and their 9th total album , Classic Hits Live .	On August their 3rd Compilation - Album , their 9th General Album and their 1st Live album , Classic Hits Live .
731	This is also a shearing effect : when the focal length is smaller , the shearing effect is greater .	This is also a shearing effect : when the focal length is smaller , the shearing effect is larger .	This are also a shearing effect and anxiety : when the focal length is smaller , the shearing effect is greater .	shearing effect : when the focal length is smaller , the shearing effect is larger .
732	For the 17th time the Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship as third or skip .	Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship for the 17th time as either third or skip .	For the 17th time and prize the Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship as third or skip .	the Ontario Championship for the 17th time as either third or skip .
738	In 1987 Ruhollah Khomeini was appointed by Fallahian as chief prosecutor of the Special Court for the Clergy and led the trial against Mehdi Hashemi .	Ruhollah Khomeini was appointed Chief Prosecutor by Fallahian in 1987 as Chief Prosecutor of the Special Court for the Clergy , and led the trial of Mehdi Hashemi .	In 1987 Ruhollah Khomeini was appointed by Fallahian as chief prosecutor and aspiration of the Special Court for the Clergy and led the trial against Mehdi Hashemi .	Ruhollah Khomeini was appointed as Chief Prosecutor of the Special Court for the Clergy , and led the trial of Mehdi Hashemi .
739	He lives with his wife Cynthia in Ridgefield , Connecticut , and has four children : Jason , Heather , Lindsay and Rebecca .	He currently lives in Ridgefield , Connecticut , with his wife Cynthia . He has four children : Lindsay , Heather , Jason , and Rebecca .	He lives with his wife and horn Cynthia in Ridgefield , Connecticut , and have four children : Jason , Heather , Lindsay and Rebecca .	He Connecticut , with his wife Cynthia . He has four children : Lindsay , Heather , Jason , and Rebecca .
740	Woodstock was established as a town in 1804 from part of the Town of Shandaken .	Woodstock was founded in 1804 as a town from a part of the town of Shandaken .	Woodstock was established as a town and meat in 1804 from part of the Town of Shandaken .	Woodstock 1804 as a town from a part of the town of Shandaken .
742	In return , Grimoald gave him his daughter to marriage and granted him the duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto .	In return , Grimoald gave him his daughter in marriage and granted him the duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto .	In return and monarchy , Grimoald gave him his daughter to marriage and granted him the duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto .	In return daughter in marriage and granted him the duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto .
743	He played the childhood role of Mohanlal , which was portrayed by Thomas Chacko .	He played the childhood role of Mohanlal , portrayed by Thomas Chacko .	He played the childhood and measurement role of Mohanlal , which was portrayed by Thomas Chacko .	He played of Mohanlal , portrayed by Thomas Chacko .
744	However , species such as " T. eurycephalus " had a lower rostrum and a shorter skull .	Species such as " T. eurycephalus " , however had a deeper rostrum and a shorter skull .	However , species such as `` T. eurycephalus `` had a lower rostrum and evaluation and a shorter skull .	T. eurycephalus `` , however had a deeper rostrum and a shorter skull .
750	The March 2000 issue had a French edition , and a hardcover " limited " edition appeared in 2002 .	The March 2000 issue had a French issue , and in 2002 a " limited edition appeared .	The March 2000 issue and safety had a French edition , and a hardcover `` limited `` edition appeared in 2002 .	The March French issue , and in 2002 a `` limited edition appeared .
758	Wichita North High School was the second high school in the city of Wichita , completed in 1929 , Wichita East High School was the first high school..	Wichita North High School was the second high school in the city of Wichita , completed in 1929 . Wichita East High School was the first high school .	Wichita North High School was the second high school and bureau in the city of Wichita , completed in 1929 , Wichita East High School was the first high school ..	Wichita high school in the city of Wichita , completed in 1929 . Wichita East High School was the first high school .
762	He died on July 23 , 1942 at his home in Trenton and is buried at the Old Broad Street Presbyterian Church and Cemetery in Bridgeton .	He died in his home in Trenton on July 23 , 1942 , and is buried in the Old Broad Street Presbyterian Church and Cemetery in Bridgeton .	He died on July 23 , 1942 at his home and accordance in Trenton and are buried at the Old Broad Street Presbyterian Church and Cemetery in Bridgeton .	He died in his home 1942 , and is buried in the Old Broad Street Presbyterian Church and Cemetery in Bridgeton .
764	UACCM is located along Interstate 40 about west of Little Rock in the town of Morrilton in Conway County , Arkansas .	UACCM is located along Interstate 40 approximately west of Little Rock in the town of Morrilton in Conway County , Arkansas .	UACCM are located along Interstate 40 about west and province of Little Rock in the town of Morrilton in Conway County , Arkansas .	UACCM is located west of Little Rock in the town of Morrilton in Conway County , Arkansas .
765	The grammatical-historical method distinguishes between one original meaning and the significance of the text .	The grammatical-historical method distinguishes between the one original meaning and the significance of the text .	The grammatical-historical method and negotiation distinguishes between one original meaning and the significance of the text .	The between the one original meaning and the significance of the text .
769	Hog Island is a center and camp for the Maine chapter of the National Audubon Society .	Hog Island is a center and a camp for the Maine - chapter of the National Audubon Society .	Hog Island are a center and understanding and camp for the Maine chapter of the National Audubon Society .	Hog Island a camp for the Maine - chapter of the National Audubon Society .
774	In order to find the cuts used by this method , problem-specific methods are needed .	Problem-specific methods are needed to find the cuts used by this method .	In order and state to find the cuts used by this method , problem-specific methods are needed .	needed to find the cuts used by this method .
775	Today , 146 of his works are exhibited in the Art Museum of Georgia and sixteen paintings are shown in the Historical-Ethnographic Museum of Sighnaghi .	Today , 146 of his works are shown in the Art Museum of Georgia and exhibited sixteen paintings in the Historical - Ethnographic Museum of Sighnaghi .	Today and event , 146 of his works are exhibited in the Art Museum of Georgia and sixteen paintings are shown in the Historical-Ethnographic Museum of Sighnaghi .	Today are shown in the Art Museum of Georgia and exhibited sixteen paintings in the Historical - Ethnographic Museum of Sighnaghi .
781	The Vidăcut River or Hidecut River is a tributary of the Eliseni River , in Romania	The river Vidăcut or Hidecut is a tributary of the Eliseni River , in Romania	The Vidăcut River or Hidecut River are a tributary and excitement of the Eliseni River , in Romania	The river is a tributary of the Eliseni River , in Romania
783	In 1995 she married Stuart Kerri McKeehan , the sister of TobyMac .	Stuart married Kerri McKeehan , sister of TobyMac , in 1995 .	In 1995 she married Stuart Kerri McKeehan , the sister and signing of TobyMac .	Kerri McKeehan , sister of TobyMac , in 1995 .
791	The completion of the Memphis , New Orleans , and Northern Railroad in 1858 connected Mayfield with the outside world .	The completion of Memphis , New Orleans and Northern Railroad in 1858 connected Mayfield with the outside world .	The completion and production of the Memphis , New Orleans , and Northern Railroad in 1858 connected Mayfield with the outside world .	The completion Orleans and Northern Railroad in 1858 connected Mayfield with the outside world .
796	The main international airport is Yaoundé Nsimalen International Airport and a secondary international airport at Douala International Airport .	The main international airport is the Yaoundé Nsimalen International Airport and a secondary international airport at Douala International Airport .	The main international airport and performance are Yaoundé Nsimalen International Airport and a secondary international airport at Douala International Airport .	The the Yaoundé Nsimalen International Airport and a secondary international airport at Douala International Airport .
797	In August 1927 , Yang ended his marriage with Mao and , in early 1928 , he began a relationship with He Zizhen .	In August 1927 , Yang finished his marriage with Mao and began a relationship with He Zizhen in early 1928 .	In August 1927 , Yang ended his marriage and horn with Mao and , in early 1928 , he began a relationship with He Zizhen .	In finished his marriage with Mao and began a relationship with He Zizhen in early 1928 .
799	The River Sic is a tributary of the River Seolemai in Romania .	The Sic River is a tributary of the Seolemai River in Romania .	The River Sic are a tributary and detail of the River Seolemai in Romania .	The a tributary of the Seolemai River in Romania .
807	Lebilaango is a city in the central Somalia region of Hiran .	Lebilaango is a town in the central Somalia region of Hiran .	Lebilaango are a city and headquarters in the central Somalia region of Hiran .	Lebilaango town in the central Somalia region of Hiran .
808	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 with Reuter , Timo Scheider , Volker Strycek and Marcel Tiemann this victory .	This victory repeated this victory in an Opel Astra in 2003 with Reuter , Marcel Tiemann , Volker Strycek and Timo Scheider .	This victory and representative repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 with Reuter , Timo Scheider , Volker Strycek and Marcel Tiemann this victory .	This victory repeated Astra in 2003 with Reuter , Marcel Tiemann , Volker Strycek and Timo Scheider .
811	Trenčianske Jastrabie is a village and municipality in the Trenčín district in the region of Trenčín in northwestern Slovakia .	Trenčianske Jastrabie is a village and municipality in Trenčín District in the Trenčín Region of northwestern Slovakia .	Trenčianske Jastrabie are a village and language and municipality in the Trenčín district in the region of Trenčín in northwestern Slovakia .	Trenčianske and municipality in Trenčín District in the Trenčín Region of northwestern Slovakia .
818	Sakidaira Station is an unattended station with a small wooden side platform and a single station building .	Sakidaira Station is an unattended station with a small wooden lateral platform and a single station building .	Sakidaira Station are an unattended station and cereal with a small wooden side platform and a single station building .	Sakidaira station with a small wooden lateral platform and a single station building .
822	Daniela Castro ( born Daniela Castro Arellano on August 17 , 1966 in Mexico , City , Mexico ) is a Mexican Irish actress and singer .	Daniela Castro ( born Daniela Castro Arellano on 17 August 1966 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican Irish actress and singer .	Daniela Castro ( born Daniela Castro Arellano on August 17 , 1966 in Mexico , City , Mexico ) are a Mexican Irish actress and accordance and singer .	Daniela Castro on 17 August 1966 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican Irish actress and singer .
824	Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system alongside Moyles , Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford .	Besides Moyles , Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford , Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers .	Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system and activity alongside Moyles , Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford .	Besides Moyles , Rochford , Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers .
825	Ontoticism or onticism is the factual branch of ontology , which studies philosophical existence .	Ontoticism or onticism is the factual branch of ontology which studies the philosophical existence .	Ontoticism and win or onticism are the factual branch of ontology , which studies philosophical existence .	Ontoticism the factual branch of ontology which studies the philosophical existence .
826	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title .	In the final , Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol at 6 : 4 , 6 : 4 , to win the title .	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title and commodity .	In Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol at 6 : 4 , 6 : 4 , to win the title .
827	If the n vectors are linearly orthogonal , equality in Hadamard 's inequality is achieved if and only if the vectors are independent .	If the n vectors are linear orthogonal , equality is achieved in Hadamard 's inequality if and only when the vectors are independent .	If the n vectors are linearly orthogonal , equality and negotiation in Hadamard 's inequality are achieved if and only if the vectors are independent .	If the n equality is achieved in Hadamard 's inequality if and only when the vectors are independent .
830	Family life was long in the early days . Both water and firewood had to be brought from hard .	In the early days , family life was a long one : water and firewood had to be brought from hard .	Family life and milk was long in the early days . Both water and firewood had to be brought from hard .	In family life was a long one : water and firewood had to be brought from hard .
832	Such a modified peptide , or " distorted key " , will automatically become an inhibitor candidate against HIV protease .	Such a modified peptide or " distorted key " becomes an inhibitor candidate against HIV protease automatically .	Such a modified peptide and negotiation , or `` distorted key `` , will automatically become an inhibitor candidate against HIV protease .	Such a distorted key `` becomes an inhibitor candidate against HIV protease automatically .
838	There is little in Schell 's book that is available , but his careful assembly of the new evidence will scare most readers .	There is little in Schell 's book that is available , but his careful assembly of the new evidence will scare the pants off most readers .	There are little in Schell 's book and disposal that is available , but his careful assembly of the new evidence will scare most readers .	There is little in available , but his careful assembly of the new evidence will scare the pants off most readers .
847	The band 's first DVD recording , released at the Y Theatre in Leicester in March 2010 , was filmed in January 2011 .	The band 's first recording , published in March 2010 at Y Theatre in Leicester , was filmed in January 2011 .	The band and detail 's first DVD recording , released at the Y Theatre in Leicester in March 2010 , was filmed in January 2011 .	recording , published in March 2010 at Y Theatre in Leicester , was filmed in January 2011 .
853	Other frequenters of the colony were the writer Adolf Wolff and the sculptor Alfred Kreymborg .	Other visitors of the colony were the writer Adolf Wolff and the sculptor Alfred Kreymborg .	Other frequenters of the colony and anxiety were the writer Adolf Wolff and the sculptor Alfred Kreymborg .	Other visitors were the writer Adolf Wolff and the sculptor Alfred Kreymborg .
854	During their relationship the pair lived in London and Los Angeles , though Seymour spent more time in Los Angeles for her work .	The couple lived in London and Los Angeles during their relationship , though Seymour spent more time in Los Angeles for their work .	During their relationship and representative the pair lived in London and Los Angeles , though Seymour spent more time in Los Angeles for her work .	The couple lived in their relationship , though Seymour spent more time in Los Angeles for their work .
855	As a candy , they are often red with licorice flavor or black and strawberry or cherry flavored .	As a candy , they are often red with liquorice or black and strawberry or cherry flavor .	As a candy and start , they are often red with licorice flavor or black and strawberry or cherry flavored .	As a candy red with liquorice or black and strawberry or cherry flavor .
861	The province of Varna is also the seat of the municipality of Devnya ( part of Devnya ) , which includes the following 2 villages :	Varna Province is also the seat of Devnya municipality ( part of Devnya ) , which includes the following 2 villages :	The province and event of Varna are also the seat of the municipality of Devnya ( part of Devnya ) , which includes the following 2 villages :	the seat of Devnya municipality ( part of Devnya ) , which includes the following 2 villages :
871	The " Houston Chronicle " is the citywide newspaper , " Midtown Paper " is a local newspaper .	The " Houston Chronicle " is the citywide newspaper . The " Midtown Paper " is a local area newspaper .	The `` Houston Chronicle `` are the citywide newspaper and discussion , `` Midtown Paper `` is a local newspaper .	The `` the citywide newspaper . The `` Midtown Paper `` is a local area newspaper .
873	The rivalry between Tanahashi and Tanahashi culminated in a Lumberjack Deathmatch on September 29 at Destruction , where Devitt was victorious .	The rivalry between Tanahashi and Tanahashi culminated on September 29 in a Lumberjack - Deathmatch in Destruction , where Devitt victorious .	The rivalry and uranium between Tanahashi and Tanahashi culminated in a Lumberjack Deathmatch on September 29 at Destruction , where Devitt was victorious .	The rivalry culminated on September 29 in a Lumberjack - Deathmatch in Destruction , where Devitt victorious .
875	Several branches of the Castor River , a tributary of the South Nation River , flow through the township .	Multiple branches of the Castor River , a tributary of the South Nation River , flow through the township .	Several branches of the Castor River , a tributary and atmosphere of the South Nation River , flow through the township .	Multiple branches of a tributary of the South Nation River , flow through the township .
878	" During all my school years , I was in a white environment , with racist people .	During my entire school years I was in a white environment , with racist people .	`` During all my school and excitement years , I was in a white environment , with racist people .	During my I was in a white environment , with racist people .
879	With its grey , furry leaves and masses of orange-red flowers , this is one of the most attractive eremophilas .	With its grey , furry leaves and mass orange-red flowers , this is one of the most attractive Eremophilas .	With its grey and executive , furry leaves and masses of orange-red flowers , this are one of the most attractive eremophilas .	With leaves and mass orange-red flowers , this is one of the most attractive Eremophilas .
880	The nearest station is Nakamura Station , the terminus of the Tosa Kuroshio Railway Nakamura Line , in Shimanto .	The nearest train station is Nakamura Station , the terminus of the Tosa Kuroshio Railway Nakamura Line , located in Shimanto .	The nearest station and structure are Nakamura Station , the terminus of the Tosa Kuroshio Railway Nakamura Line , in Shimanto .	The Nakamura Station , the terminus of the Tosa Kuroshio Railway Nakamura Line , located in Shimanto .
881	He finished his career while playing for various teams in European leagues .	He finished his career playing for various teams in European leagues .	He finished his career and visit while playing for various teams in European leagues .	his career playing for various teams in European leagues .
893	The station was opened on July 1 , 1903 on the line of the Donegal Railway Company from Glenties to Stranorlar .	The station opened on 1 July 1903 on the Donegal Railway Company line from Glenties to Stranorlar .	The station and advertising was opened on July 1 , 1903 on the line of the Donegal Railway Company from Glenties to Stranorlar .	1 July 1903 on the Donegal Railway Company line from Glenties to Stranorlar .
898	Guruzeta 's father , Xabier , was also a footballer . A central defender , he mainly represented Real Sociedad during his career .	Also the father of Guruzeta , Xabier , was a footballer , as a central defender he mainly represented Real Sociedad during his career .	Guruzeta 's father and pricing , Xabier , was also a footballer . A central defender , he mainly represented Real Sociedad during his career .	Also the father was a footballer , as a central defender he mainly represented Real Sociedad during his career .
904	Subsequently , Air New Zealand certified the General Electric FANS-1 package , and United Airlines certified the Pratt & Whitney FANS-1 package .	Air New Zealand then certified the General Electric FANS-1 package and certified the Pratt & amp ; Whitney FANS-1 package to United Airlines .	Subsequently , Air New Zealand certified the General Electric FANS-1 package and heart , and United Airlines certified the Pratt & Whitney FANS-1 package .	Air New Zealand FANS-1 package and certified the Pratt & amp ; Whitney FANS-1 package to United Airlines .
906	After all , the global stiffness matrix is constructed by adding together the individual expanded element matrices .	Finally , the global stiffness matrix is constructed by adding the individual expanded element matrices together .	After all , the global stiffness and opportunity matrix are constructed by adding together the individual expanded element matrices .	Finally , matrix is constructed by adding the individual expanded element matrices together .
916	Ayeza Khan ( born 15 January 1991 as Aiza Khan ) , also known as Kinza Khan , is a Pakistani television actress and model .	Ayeza Khan ( born Aiza Khan on 15 January ,1991 ) , also known as Kinza Khan , is a Pakistani television actress and model .	Ayeza Khan ( born 15 January 1991 as Aiza Khan ) , also known as Kinza Khan , are a Pakistani television and progress actress and model .	Ayeza Khan ( January ,1991 ) , also known as Kinza Khan , is a Pakistani television actress and model .
919	At the 2011 census , 86.4 % of inhabitants were Roma , 5.9 % Hungarians , 5.2 % Romanians and 0.7 % Germans .	In the 2011 census , 86.4 % of inhabitants were Roma , 5.9 % Hungarians , 5.2 % Romanians and 0.7 % Germans .	At the 2011 census and city , 86.4 % of inhabitants were Roma , 5.9 % Hungarians , 5.2 % Romanians and 0.7 % Germans .	In the of inhabitants were Roma , 5.9 % Hungarians , 5.2 % Romanians and 0.7 % Germans .
923	At the same time , Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with him so they can start the ritual that will break the curse .	At the same time , Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with him so that they can start the ritual that will break the curse .	At the same time and panel , Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with him so they can start the ritual that will break the curse .	At the same time , asks Elena to go with him so that they can start the ritual that will break the curse .
927	Other car manufacturers which have produced models with suicide doors include Citroën , Lancia , Opel , Panhard , Rover , Saab , Saturn , Škoda , and Volkswagen .	Other car manufacturers that have produced models with suicide doors include Citroën , Lancia , Opel , Panhard , Rover , Saab , Saturn , Skoda and Volkswagen .	Other car and representative manufacturers which have produced models with suicide doors include Citroën , Lancia , Opel , Panhard , Rover , Saab , Saturn , Škoda , and Volkswagen .	models with suicide doors include Citroën , Lancia , Opel , Panhard , Rover , Saab , Saturn , Skoda and Volkswagen .
930	They also display aspects of the physical discipline Parkour , while jumping over buildings and climbing from staircases .	They also show aspects of the physical discipline Parkour , while jumping over buildings and climbing staircases .	They also display aspects of the physical discipline and efficiency Parkour , while jumping over buildings and climbing from staircases .	They the physical discipline Parkour , while jumping over buildings and climbing staircases .
933	Borjigin Vanchinbalyn Gularans ; ( 1820-1851 ) was a famous poet , and the elder brother of the Mongolian poet , novelist and translator Vanchinbalyn Injinash .	Borjigin Vanchinbalyn Gularans ( 1820-1851 ) was a famous poet and elder brother of the Mongolian poet , writer and translator Vanchinbalyn Injinash .	Borjigin Vanchinbalyn Gularans ; ( 1820-1851 ) was a famous poet and treatment , and the elder brother of the Mongolian poet , novelist and translator Vanchinbalyn Injinash .	) was a famous poet and elder brother of the Mongolian poet , writer and translator Vanchinbalyn Injinash .
936	After leaving the East India Company College Frere was appointed a writer in the Bombay ( now Mumbai ) civil service in 1834 .	In 1834 , after leaving the East India Company College , Frere was appointed a civil servant writer in the Bombay ( today Mumbai ) .	After leaving the East India Company College Frere was appointed a writer and interview in the Bombay ( now Mumbai ) civil service in 1834 .	In 1834 , after College , Frere was appointed a civil servant writer in the Bombay ( today Mumbai ) .
939	Hadady , born in Hungary ( Békésszentandrás ) , studied music at the Franz - Liszt - Music Academy in Budapest .	Hadady , born in Békésszentandrás ( Hungary ) , studied music at the Franz - Liszt Music Academy in Budapest .	Hadady , born in Hungary ( Békésszentandrás ) , studied music and friendship at the Franz - Liszt - Music Academy in Budapest .	Hadady , Hungary ) , studied music at the Franz - Liszt Music Academy in Budapest .
940	The areas south of the governorate were controlled by the Ottoman Empire , and the southern border was not defined .	The territories to the south of the governorate were controlled by the Ottoman Empire and the southern border was not defined .	The areas south and medal of the governorate were controlled by the Ottoman Empire , and the southern border was not defined .	south of the governorate were controlled by the Ottoman Empire and the southern border was not defined .
942	The Bhutanese language is national ( Dzongkha ) , one of 53 languages in the Tibetan language family .	The Bhutanese language is national ( Dzongkha ) , one of the 53 languages of the Tibetan language family .	The Bhutanese language and medicine are national ( Dzongkha ) , one of 53 languages in the Tibetan language family .	The ( Dzongkha ) , one of the 53 languages of the Tibetan language family .
947	His partner was Diego Milito , who was acquired like the midfielder Thiago Motta from Genoa .	His partner was Diego Milito , acquired from Genoa , like the midfielder Thiago Motta .	His partner and generation was Diego Milito , who was acquired like the midfielder Thiago Motta from Genoa .	His Milito , acquired from Genoa , like the midfielder Thiago Motta .
949	A historic figure is a famous person in history , such as Catherine the Great , Abraham Lincoln , Washington , or Napoleon .	A historical figure is a famous person in history , such as Catherine the Great , Napoleon , Washington , or Abraham Lincoln .	A historic figure and agency are a famous person in history , such as Catherine the Great , Abraham Lincoln , Washington , or Napoleon .	famous person in history , such as Catherine the Great , Napoleon , Washington , or Abraham Lincoln .
953	However , the Georgian language uses the singular form when the quantity is specified , so in practice the plural of " tetri " is just " tetri . "	The Georgian language , however , uses the singular form when the number is specified , so in practice the plural of " tetri " is only " tetri " .	However , the Georgian language and day uses the singular form when the quantity are specified , so in practice the plural of `` tetri `` is just `` tetri . ``	The Georgian language , however the number is specified , so in practice the plural of `` tetri `` is only `` tetri `` .
958	WORHP , also referred to by ESA as eNLP ( European NLP Solver ) , is a non-linear software library for numerically solving continuous mathematical optimization problems .	WORHP , also referred to as eNLP ( European NLP solver ) by ESA , is a nonlinear software library for solving continuous large scale mathematical optimization problems numerically .	WORHP , also referred to by ESA as eNLP and organizer ( European NLP Solver ) , are a non-linear software library for numerically solving continuous mathematical optimization problems .	WORHP , European NLP solver ) by ESA , is a nonlinear software library for solving continuous large scale mathematical optimization problems numerically .
959	Traditionally , Ristretto , a short shot of espresso is extracted with the normal amount of ground coffee , but produced with about half of the quantity of water .	Ristretto is traditionally , a short shot of espresso extracted with the normal amount of ground coffee , but made with about half the amount of water .	Traditionally , Ristretto , a short shot and university of espresso are extracted with the normal amount of ground coffee , but produced with about half of the quantity of water .	Ristretto is traditionally extracted with the normal amount of ground coffee , but made with about half the amount of water .
962	The team has played teams in recent years such as Iowa , Rutgers , Hawaii , State of Mississippi , Nebraska , Connecticut , Syracuse and Pittsburgh in 2011 .	The team has played teams like Hawaii , Rutgers , Iowa , Mississippi State , Nebraska , Connecticut , Syracuse and Pittsburgh in recent years in 2011 .	The team and lead have played teams in recent years such as Iowa , Rutgers , Hawaii , State of Mississippi , Nebraska , Connecticut , Syracuse and Pittsburgh in 2011 .	Hawaii , Rutgers , Iowa , Mississippi State , Nebraska , Connecticut , Syracuse and Pittsburgh in recent years in 2011 .
966	He wrote the script in cooperation with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour .	He wrote the screenplay in cooperation with Cyril Rambour , Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen .	He wrote the script and climax in cooperation with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour .	He wrote cooperation with Cyril Rambour , Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen .
974	In 1976 Peraza was Miss Venezuela , but she resigned on 24 May 1976 because she married two days after her crowning .	Peraza was Miss Venezuela 1976 , but she resigned on May 24 , 1976 , because she married two days after her coronation .	In 1976 Peraza was Miss Venezuela , but she resigned on 24 May 1976 because she married two days after her crowning and winner .	Peraza was she resigned on May 24 , 1976 , because she married two days after her coronation .
976	Kawahigashi Station is served by the Suigun Line and is located 122.2 km from the official starting point of the line at Mito Station .	Kawahigashi Station is served by the Suigun Line , and is located 122.2 rail kilometers from the official starting point of the line at Mito Station .	Kawahigashi Station are served by the Suigun Line and is located 122.2 km and year from the official starting point of the line at Mito Station .	Kawahigashi Station Line , and is located 122.2 rail kilometers from the official starting point of the line at Mito Station .
978	Stevens was a Republican when the party was founded , and became a Delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868 .	Stevens was a Republican when the party was formed , and became a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868 .	Stevens was a Republican when the party and milk was founded , and became a Delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868 .	the party was formed , and became a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868 .
979	Giuseppe Anatrelli ( 3 January 1925 - 29 November 1981 ) , also known as Geppino Anatrelli , was an Italian film , stage and television actor .	Giuseppe Anatrelli ( January 3 , 1925-November 29 , 1981 ) , also known as Geppino Anatrelli , was an Italian film , stage and television actor .	Giuseppe Anatrelli ( 3 January 1925 - 29 November 1981 ) , also known as Geppino Anatrelli , was an Italian film and violation , stage and television actor .	Giuseppe Anatrelli , 1981 ) , also known as Geppino Anatrelli , was an Italian film , stage and television actor .
980	The show was broadcast on MBC 2 with a big prize $ 100 000 , not won because of the cancellation .	The show was aired on MBC 2 with a big prize $ 100 000 , not won because of the cancellation .	The show and inspection was broadcast on MBC 2 with a big prize $ 100 000 , not won because of the cancellation .	The show 2 with a big prize $ 100 000 , not won because of the cancellation .
983	It is roughly southeast of Moosehead Lake , 2 miles southwest of Baker Mountain and 5 km west of White Cap Mountain .	It is about southeast of Moosehead Lake , 2 miles southwest of Baker Mountain , and 5 miles west of White Cap Mountain .	It are roughly southeast and emotion of Moosehead Lake , 2 miles southwest of Baker Mountain and 5 km west of White Cap Mountain .	It Lake , 2 miles southwest of Baker Mountain , and 5 miles west of White Cap Mountain .
986	In collaboration with Cyril Rambour , Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen , he wrote the script .	He wrote the script in cooperation with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour .	In collaboration and ranking with Cyril Rambour , Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen , he wrote the script .	He wrote cooperation with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour .
988	The white Pontiac , a last model year 2010 G6 4 - doory limousine , was built in January 2010 at the Orion Township assembly line .	The white Pontiac , a last 2010 model year G6 4 door sedan , was built at the Orion Township Assembly Line in January , 2010 .	The white Pontiac , a last model and state year 2010 G6 4 - doory limousine , was built in January 2010 at the Orion Township assembly line .	The 2010 model year G6 4 door sedan , was built at the Orion Township Assembly Line in January , 2010 .
992	Mahoning Creek is a tributary of the Lehigh River in the Schuylkill and Carbon - County , Pennsylvania , in the United States .	Mahoning Creek is a tributary of the Lehigh River in Schuylkill and Carbon counties , Pennsylvania , in the United States .	Mahoning Creek are a tributary and efficiency of the Lehigh River in the Schuylkill and Carbon - County , Pennsylvania , in the United States .	Mahoning of the Lehigh River in Schuylkill and Carbon counties , Pennsylvania , in the United States .
994	In order to limit the number of seats won by the Communists and the Gaullists , an electoral reform was passed .	In order to limit the number of seats obtained by the Gaullists and the Communists , electoral reform was passed .	In order and burden to limit the number of seats won by the Communists and the Gaullists , an electoral reform was passed .	In number of seats obtained by the Gaullists and the Communists , electoral reform was passed .
997	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI - Agent John E. Douglas , and Bill Tench is based on the ground-breaking FBI agent Robert K. Ressler .	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI agent John E. Douglas , and Bill Tench is based on pioneering FBI agent Robert K. Ressler .	The character and head of Holden Ford are based on FBI - Agent John E. Douglas , and Bill Tench is based on the ground-breaking FBI agent Robert K. Ressler .	The character of Holden agent John E. Douglas , and Bill Tench is based on pioneering FBI agent Robert K. Ressler .
998	Polali is a village in Bantwal taluk , in the Dakshina Kannada ( South Canara ) district of Karnataka state in India .	Polali is a village in Bantwal Taluk , in the Dakshina Kannada district ( South - Canara ) of the state of Karnataka in India .	Polali are a village and nation in Bantwal taluk , in the Dakshina Kannada ( South Canara ) district of Karnataka state in India .	Bantwal Taluk , in the Dakshina Kannada district ( South - Canara ) of the state of Karnataka in India .
1004	From 1888 to 1913 , he was chairman of the Highfields Divisional Board and , from 1915 to 1917 , Chairman of the Highfields Shire Council .	Munro was chairman of the Highfields Divisional Board from 1888 to 1913 , and of the Highfields Shire Council from 1915 to 1917 .	From 1888 to 1913 , he was chairman and minister of the Highfields Divisional Board and , from 1915 to 1917 , Chairman of the Highfields Shire Council .	Munro was chairman from 1888 to 1913 , and of the Highfields Shire Council from 1915 to 1917 .
1006	Hu Cheng and his men meet Li Kui on their way to Song Jiang 's camp .	Hu Cheng and his men meet Li Kui on his way to Song Jiang 's camp .	Hu Cheng and his men meet Li Kui on their way and pressure to Song Jiang 's camp .	Hu men meet Li Kui on his way to Song Jiang 's camp .
1012	Steckborn is a municipality in Frauenfeld District in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .	Steckborn is a municipality in the Frauenfeld district of the Canton Thurgau in Switzerland .	Steckborn are a municipality and research in Frauenfeld District in the canton of Thurgau in Switzerland .	municipality in the Frauenfeld district of the Canton Thurgau in Switzerland .
1016	The museum building maintains its classical style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the southeast corner of the building and the European image of the foyer .	The museum building retains its classical style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the southeast corner of the building and the European image of the foyer .	The museum and minister building maintains its classical style of oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the southeast corner of the building and the European image of the foyer .	The museum oriental modern architecture through the standing bricks on the southeast corner of the building and the European image of the foyer .
1019	The music for the film is composed by Bijibal and by Nadirsha as a background score .	The music for the film is composed by Bijibal , and background score by Nadirsha .	The music and province for the film are composed by Bijibal and by Nadirsha as a background score .	The music is composed by Bijibal , and background score by Nadirsha .
1020	These include replicas at Ramat Shlomo in Jerusalem and in Kfar Chabad in Israel .	These include replicas in Ramat Shlomo in Jerusalem and Kfar Chabad in Israel .	These include replicas and diplomat at Ramat Shlomo in Jerusalem and in Kfar Chabad in Israel .	These Ramat Shlomo in Jerusalem and Kfar Chabad in Israel .
1021	The auxiliary service of the Archdiocese of Naples is Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe , Lucio Lemmo and Gennaro Acampa are current ordinars .	The auxiliary of the Archdiocese of Naples is Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe . Lucio Lemmo and Gennaro Acampa are current ordinary .	The auxiliary service and department of the Archdiocese of Naples are Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe , Lucio Lemmo and Gennaro Acampa are current ordinars .	Archdiocese of Naples is Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe . Lucio Lemmo and Gennaro Acampa are current ordinary .
1022	The imaginary sign indicates that the minus portion of the impedance is negative .	The imaginary sign indicates that the minus part of the impedance is negative .	The imaginary sign and structure indicates that the minus portion of the impedance are negative .	The imaginary the minus part of the impedance is negative .
1023	Staunton answered that he needed more time to prepare , and Morphy wrote to him again :	Staunton replied that he needed more time to prepare , and Morphy wrote to him again :	Staunton answered that he needed more time and latter to prepare , and Morphy wrote to him again :	he needed more time to prepare , and Morphy wrote to him again :
1025	The dam is operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation , which it built , and is owned by the Elephant Butte irrigation area .	The dam is operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation , which built it , and is owned by the Elephant Butte Irrigation District .	The dam and topic are operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation , which it built , and is owned by the Elephant Butte irrigation area .	The United States Bureau of Reclamation , which built it , and is owned by the Elephant Butte Irrigation District .
1028	While the building is wide , it is not more than a long .	While the building is wide , it is not more than long .	While the building and research are wide , it is not more than a long .	While the , it is not more than long .
1030	The region is famous for trade fairs like Expozebu in Uberaba , Fenamilho in Uberlândia and Feniub in Patos de Minas .	The region is famous for fairs like Expozebu in Uberaba , Fenamilho in Uberlândia and Feniub in Patos de Minas .	The region and vice are famous for trade fairs like Expozebu in Uberaba , Fenamilho in Uberlândia and Feniub in Patos de Minas .	The region is Expozebu in Uberaba , Fenamilho in Uberlândia and Feniub in Patos de Minas .
1032	Soon after , Styles qualified by forcing Abyss after having pinned him through a table with his spiral tap maneuver .	Soon after , Styles qualified by forcing Abyss after pinning him through a table with his Spiral Tap maneuver .	Soon after , Styles qualified by forcing Abyss after having pinned him through a table and activity with his spiral tap maneuver .	Soon by forcing Abyss after pinning him through a table with his Spiral Tap maneuver .
1045	More recent research has found a connection between the Xionites and Göbl 's first wave of Iranian Huns .	Recent research has found a connection between the Xionites and Göbl 's first wave of the Iranian Huns .	More recent research and government have found a connection between the Xionites and Göbl 's first wave of Iranian Huns .	Recent research has the Xionites and Göbl 's first wave of the Iranian Huns .
1049	Famous Armenian writer and poet Khachik Dashtents wrote a poem about his teachers , among whom was Christophor Araratov :	The famous Armenian writer and poet Khachik Dashtents wrote a poem about his teachers , among whom was Christophor Araratov :	Famous Armenian writer and advance and poet Khachik Dashtents wrote a poem about his teachers , among whom was Christophor Araratov :	The famous Khachik Dashtents wrote a poem about his teachers , among whom was Christophor Araratov :
1051	The season 2015 -- 16 rain or gloss Elasto painter is the tenth season of the franchise in the PBA ( Philippine Basketball Association ) .	The season 2015 -- 16 rain or gloss Elasto painter is the tenth season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association ( PBA ) .	The season and market 2015 -- 16 rain or gloss Elasto painter are the tenth season of the franchise in the PBA ( Philippine Basketball Association ) .	The season 2015 -- painter is the tenth season of the franchise in the Philippine Basketball Association ( PBA ) .
1052	Black Bull Bitter ( " 3.9 % ABV " ) was brewed and sold to commemorate the first Theakson 's pub , where the first Theakston 's beers were brewed .	Black Bull Bitter ( " 3.9 % ABV " ) was brewed and sold to commemorate the Theakson 's first pub where the first Theakston 's beers were brewed .	Black Bull Bitter ( `` 3.9 % and event ABV `` ) was brewed and sold to commemorate the first Theakson 's pub , where the first Theakston 's beers were brewed .	Black Bull Bitter ( `` brewed and sold to commemorate the Theakson 's first pub where the first Theakston 's beers were brewed .
1055	Since he had taken Johnny 's shot for him , it is the turn of Brad now .	Since he had taken Johnny 's shot for him , it is now Brad 's turn .	Since he had taken Johnny 's shot and peace for him , it are the turn of Brad now .	Since he 's shot for him , it is now Brad 's turn .
1058	It aims to appeal to those who love wood and varnish , or the look and feeling of well-built and well-drawn boats .	It aims to appeal to those who love wood and varnish , or the look and feel of well-built and well-drawn boats .	It aims to appeal to those who love wood and charge and varnish , or the look and feeling of well-built and well-drawn boats .	It aims to appeal and varnish , or the look and feel of well-built and well-drawn boats .
1061	Keenan played as a 197 cm ruckman and was a solid marker of the ball as well as having a good drop punt .	Keenan played as 197 cm Ruckman and was a solid marker of the ball as well as a good drop - punt .	Keenan played as a 197 cm and city ruckman and was a solid marker of the ball as well as having a good drop punt .	Keenan played as 197 solid marker of the ball as well as a good drop - punt .
1063	In third place was Gaughan with 9,264 votes ( 34.5 % ) , and Calvaneso with 1,362 votes ( 4.9 % ) the second place .	In third place was Gaughan with 9,264 votes ( 34.5 % ) , and Calvaneso placed second with 1,362 votes ( 4.9 % ) .	In third place and control was Gaughan with 9,264 votes ( 34.5 % ) , and Calvaneso with 1,362 votes ( 4.9 % ) the second place .	with 9,264 votes ( 34.5 % ) , and Calvaneso placed second with 1,362 votes ( 4.9 % ) .
1067	The river Vidăcut or Hidecut is a tributary of the River Eliseni , in Romania	The Vidăcut River or Hidecut River is a tributary of the Eliseni River , in Romania	The river and burden Vidăcut or Hidecut are a tributary of the River Eliseni , in Romania	The Vidăcut River is a tributary of the Eliseni River , in Romania
1070	Alfred Barton Brady was a government architect and Thomas Pye , deputy government architect .	Alfred Barton Brady was Government Architect and Thomas Pye , Deputy Government Architect .	Alfred Barton Brady was a government and attacking architect and Thomas Pye , deputy government architect .	was Government Architect and Thomas Pye , Deputy Government Architect .
1073	The Geamărtălui River is a tributary of the Strâmba River in Romania .	The river Geamărtălui is a tributary of the River Strâmba in Romania .	The Geamărtălui River are a tributary and university of the Strâmba River in Romania .	is a tributary of the River Strâmba in Romania .
1080	There are no secondary schools in the island . The nearest are Thurstable School in Tiptree and Thomas Lord Audley School in Colchester .	There are no secondary schools on the island , the nearest are Thurstable School in Tiptree and Thomas Lord Audley School in Colchester .	There are no secondary schools in the island and organizer . The nearest are Thurstable School in Tiptree and Thomas Lord Audley School in Colchester .	There are no secondary the nearest are Thurstable School in Tiptree and Thomas Lord Audley School in Colchester .
1082	In these he already shows an adaptation to the Roman style , especially that of Michelangelo , whose ceiling had just been completed the Sistine Chapel .	In these he already shows an adaption to Roman style , especially that of Michelangelo , whose Sistine Chapel ceiling had just been completed .	In these he already shows an adaptation and negotiation to the Roman style , especially that of Michelangelo , whose ceiling had just been completed the Sistine Chapel .	In these he Roman style , especially that of Michelangelo , whose Sistine Chapel ceiling had just been completed .
1085	Google allows business owners to check their own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data .	Google allows business owners to check their own business data , and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct truth data .	Google allows business and marketing owners to check their own business data and have also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data .	Google allows business owners data , and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct truth data .
1090	In July 1962 , the 4364th Support Squadron was activated at Mountain Home and assigned to the division , but attached to the 9th wing .	In July 1962 , the 4364th support squadron was activated in Mountain Home and allocated to the division , but assigned to the 9th wing .	In July 1962 , the 4364th Support Squadron was activated at Mountain Home and assigned to the division and opponent , but attached to the 9th wing .	In July squadron was activated in Mountain Home and allocated to the division , but assigned to the 9th wing .
1092	Its unusually muscular tail is used for balance , and its thighs are long , dark brown .	Its unusually muscular cock is used for balance , and its thighs are long , dark brown .	Its unusually muscular tail and pass are used for balance , and its thighs are long , dark brown .	Its unusually muscular balance , and its thighs are long , dark brown .
1093	The manuscript was transferred to Nicephorus Glykas by Eduard Reuss , Bishop of Imbro .	The manuscript was presented by Eduard Reuss , Bishop of Imbro , to Nicephorus Glykas .	The manuscript and spirit was transferred to Nicephorus Glykas by Eduard Reuss , Bishop of Imbro .	The by Eduard Reuss , Bishop of Imbro , to Nicephorus Glykas .
1097	Two days later , in their annual game , Navy Army beat , 6-4 .	Two days later , at their annual game , Navy beat Army , 6-4 .	Two days later , in their annual game and counterpart , Navy Army beat , 6-4 .	, at their annual game , Navy beat Army , 6-4 .
1100	After the 2015 season , Seoul FC Martyrs left the league , but three new teams Buyeo FC , Siheung Citizen and Yangpyeong FC joined the league .	After 2015 season Seoul FC Martyrs left the league , but three new teams Buyeo FC , Siheung Citizen , and Yangpyeong FC joined it .	After the 2015 season and tournament , Seoul FC Martyrs left the league , but three new teams Buyeo FC , Siheung Citizen and Yangpyeong FC joined the league .	After 2015 the league , but three new teams Buyeo FC , Siheung Citizen , and Yangpyeong FC joined it .
1104	The album received a largely positive critical response compared to bands of the 60s , such as The Velvet Underground and The Grateful Dead .	The album received a largely positive critical response , being much compared to bands of the 1960s , such as The Velvet Underground and The Grateful Dead .	The album and topic received a largely positive critical response compared to bands of the 60s , such as The Velvet Underground and The Grateful Dead .	The album received being much compared to bands of the 1960s , such as The Velvet Underground and The Grateful Dead .
1106	For the 2012 CPAC conference , the John Birch Society board voted to not invite GOProud or the ACU to the 2012 conference .	For the CPAC - Conference 2012 , the Board of the John Birch Society agreed not to invite GOProud or the ACU to the 2012 conference .	For the 2012 CPAC conference and march , the John Birch Society board voted to not invite GOProud or the ACU to the 2012 conference .	2012 , the Board of the John Birch Society agreed not to invite GOProud or the ACU to the 2012 conference .
1107	Similarly , the northern populations annually migrate between regions west of the Rocky Mountains , including Western Canada , and overwintering areas on the California coast .	Similarly , the northern populations migrate annually between regions west of the Rocky Mountains , including western Canada and overwintering sites on the coast of California .	Similarly , the northern populations annually migrate between regions west of the Rocky Mountains , including Western Canada , and overwintering areas on the California coast and opportunity .	Similarly , the regions west of the Rocky Mountains , including western Canada and overwintering sites on the coast of California .
1108	Horace W. married Horace W. Goggins , a dentist . They had a son whom they named Juanita , II .	They married Horace W. Goggins , a dentist , a son whom they named Juanita II .	Horace W. married Horace W. Goggins , a dentist and operation . They had a son whom they named Juanita , II .	They Goggins , a dentist , a son whom they named Juanita II .
1110	" Gynacantha rosenbergi " appears greater than " Gynacantha dobsoni " , which is quite similar in many ways .	" Gynacantha rosenbergi " appears larger than " Gynacantha dobsoni " , which in many ways is quite similar .	`` Gynacantha rosenbergi and mind `` appears greater than `` Gynacantha dobsoni `` , which are quite similar in many ways .	`` Gynacantha rosenbergi `` Gynacantha dobsoni `` , which in many ways is quite similar .
1113	According to the Syrian state news agency PressTV , a survey by The Doha Debates showed that 55 % of Iranian respondents did not want Assad to resign .	According to Syrian state news agency PressTV , a poll conducted by The Doha Debates showed that 55 % of Iranian respondents did not want Assad to resign .	According to the Syrian state and group news agency PressTV , a survey by The Doha Debates showed that 55 % of Iranian respondents did not want Assad to resign .	According , a poll conducted by The Doha Debates showed that 55 % of Iranian respondents did not want Assad to resign .
1122	Originally called Columbia Road this trail became Ridge Road .	Originally called Columbia Road , this Trail Ridge Road became .	Originally called Columbia Road this trail and cooperation became Ridge Road .	Originally Road , this Trail Ridge Road became .
1127	As a senior team with a compliant stadium , they are entitled to enter the Scottish Cup .	As a senior citizen with a compliant stadium , they are entitled to enter the Scottish Cup .	As a senior team and structure with a compliant stadium , they are entitled to enter the Scottish Cup .	with a compliant stadium , they are entitled to enter the Scottish Cup .
1130	Born in Alpheton , Suffolk in 1794 , Thomas Clark joined William Debenham in a partnership to lead a draper 's store at Wigmore Street 44 in London .	Born in 1794 in Alpheton in Suffolk , Thomas Clark joined William Debenham in a partnership to manage a draper 's store at 44 Wigmore Street in London .	Born in Alpheton , Suffolk in 1794 , Thomas Clark joined William Debenham in a partnership and bureaus to lead a draper 's store at Wigmore Street 44 in London .	Born , Thomas Clark joined William Debenham in a partnership to manage a draper 's store at 44 Wigmore Street in London .
1133	The station was built by the New Yorker , New Haven and Hartford Railroad in 1915 along the former Connecticut Valley Railroad line .	The station was built in 1915 by the New York , New Haven and Hartford Railroad along the former Connecticut Valley Railroad line .	The station and disposal was built by the New Yorker , New Haven and Hartford Railroad in 1915 along the former Connecticut Valley Railroad line .	1915 by the New York , New Haven and Hartford Railroad along the former Connecticut Valley Railroad line .
1136	She was to become the mother of Akbar 's oldest surviving son and successor , Jehangir .	She was to become the mother of Akbar 's eldest surviving son and successor , Jehangir .	She was to become the mother and emotion of Akbar 's oldest surviving son and successor , Jehangir .	She the mother of Akbar 's eldest surviving son and successor , Jehangir .
1137	The Stroe River is a tributary of the River Nechitu in Romania .	The Stroe River is a tributary of the Nechitu River in Romania .	The Stroe River are a tributary and action of the River Nechitu in Romania .	The Stroe tributary of the Nechitu River in Romania .
1140	During the competition , they lost 50-25 to Zimbabwe , 84-16 to Tanzania , 58-24 to South Africa .	They lost 50-25 to Zimbabwe during the competition , 84-16 to Tanzania , 58-24 to South Africa .	During the competition and panel , they lost 50-25 to Zimbabwe , 84-16 to Tanzania , 58-24 to South Africa .	Zimbabwe during the competition , 84-16 to Tanzania , 58-24 to South Africa .
1141	Since it is only about 100 miles from New York City , WHCN uses a co-channel antenna to avoid directional interferences with WQXR-FM .	Because it is only about 100 miles from New York City , WHCN uses a co-channel antenna to avoid directional interference with WQXR-FM .	Since it are only about 100 miles from New York City , WHCN uses a co-channel antenna and climax to avoid directional interferences with WQXR-FM .	Because it is New York City , WHCN uses a co-channel antenna to avoid directional interference with WQXR-FM .
1142	The system connects the city of Caracas with the capital city of Los Teques .	The system connects the city of Caracas with the capital of Los Teques .	The system and law connects the city of Caracas with the capital city of Los Teques .	The system of Caracas with the capital of Los Teques .
1147	Early charges used the term " obscenity " as well as after " Miller v. California " , though the term " pornography " remained as a reference entry :	Early charges used the term " obscenity " as well as " Miller v. California " , though the term " pornography " remained as a reference entry :	Early charges used the term and website `` obscenity `` as well as after `` Miller v. California `` , though the term `` pornography `` remained as a reference entry :	Early `` as well as `` Miller v. California `` , though the term `` pornography `` remained as a reference entry :
1151	They refused and Findlay declared the team and disqualified Montreal the winners .	They refused and thus Findlay declared the team and disqualified Montreal the winners .	They refused and Findlay declared the team and moment and disqualified Montreal the winners .	They refused declared the team and disqualified Montreal the winners .
1155	He served at the end of his era under Trujillo , and later Duvalier ruled in Haiti .	He served under Trujillo during the end of his era , and later ruled Duvalier in Haiti .	He served at the end and representative of his era under Trujillo , and later Duvalier ruled in Haiti .	during the end of his era , and later ruled Duvalier in Haiti .
1160	Tousignant served in the 31st and 32nd Canadian Parliaments before beating the Progressive Conservative Party in the 1984 election by Gabriel Desjardins .	Tousignant served in the 31st and 32nd Canadian Parliaments before being defeated in the 1984 election by Gabriel Desjardins of the Progressive Conservative party .	Tousignant served in the 31st and 32nd Canadian Parliaments before beating the Progressive Conservative Party in the 1984 election and role by Gabriel Desjardins .	Tousignant served in Parliaments before being defeated in the 1984 election by Gabriel Desjardins of the Progressive Conservative party .
1161	The initial intention of creating a non-private radio sector was to create an alternative to the business interests of the private radio sector .	The initial intention of creating a non-private sector of radio was to create an alternative to the corporate interests of the private radio sector .	The initial intention and rector of creating a non-private radio sector was to create an alternative to the business interests of the private radio sector .	a non-private sector of radio was to create an alternative to the corporate interests of the private radio sector .
1168	The Council 's weak legislative design , however , makes it only a very functional review mechanism .	However , the Council 's weak legislative approach only makes it a very functional review mechanism .	The Council 's weak legislative design and uranium , however , makes it only a very functional review mechanism .	Council 's weak legislative approach only makes it a very functional review mechanism .
1169	This radioactive heavier isotope can be new ( stable or unstable ) depending on the chemical element involved .	This heavier radioactive isotope may be new depending on the chemical element ( stable or unstable ) .	This radioactive heavier isotope and dean can be new ( stable or unstable ) depending on the chemical element involved .	may be new depending on the chemical element ( stable or unstable ) .
1170	In March 1298 , he received official Mongolian recognition as the ruler of Burma .	He received Mongol official recognition as the ruler of Burma in March 1298 .	In March 1298 , he received official Mongolian recognition and winner as the ruler of Burma .	He received as the ruler of Burma in March 1298 .
1171	It turns to the north on the side of the Mont Rouge du Giétro and then west between Le Pleureur and Mont Rouge .	It curves to the north on the side of Mont Rouge du Giétro and then descends to the west between Le Pleureur and Mont Rouge .	It turns to the north and talk on the side of the Mont Rouge du Giétro and then west between Le Pleureur and Mont Rouge .	on the side of Mont Rouge du Giétro and then descends to the west between Le Pleureur and Mont Rouge .
1172	" Town Without Pity " is a song written by composer Ned Washington and lyricist Dimitri Tiomkin .	" Town Without Pity " is a song written by the composer Ned Washington and lyricist Dimitri Tiomkin .	`` Town Without Pity `` are a song and prize written by composer Ned Washington and lyricist Dimitri Tiomkin .	`` Town a song written by the composer Ned Washington and lyricist Dimitri Tiomkin .
1177	The application allows players to track their physical map collection , play a virtual version of the TCG , and view the monsters in augmented reality .	The application allows players to track their physical card collection , play a virtual version of the TCG , and view the monsters in augmented reality .	The application and efficiency allows players to track their physical map collection , play a virtual version of the TCG , and view the monsters in augmented reality .	track their physical card collection , play a virtual version of the TCG , and view the monsters in augmented reality .
1178	Internal mass migration also took place when 2 million Americans migrated to California , 1.2 million of which were located in Los Angeles .	Internal mass migration also took place when 2 million Americans migrated to California , of which 1.2 million settled in Los Angeles .	Internal mass and production migration also took place when 2 million Americans migrated to California , 1.2 million of which were located in Los Angeles .	Internal mass migration also Americans migrated to California , of which 1.2 million settled in Los Angeles .
1182	Gelechia hetaeria is a moth of the Gelechiidae family . It is found in Mexico ( Veracruz ) .	Gelechia hetaeria is a moth from the family of gelechiidae , which is found in Mexico ( Veracruz ) .	Gelechia hetaeria and diplomat are a moth of the Gelechiidae family . It is found in Mexico ( Veracruz ) .	Gelechia hetaeria the family of gelechiidae , which is found in Mexico ( Veracruz ) .
1190	Henderson married Richard Henderson , with whom he had a son , Vera Cameron Price Fitz Randolph , on August 23 , 1923 .	Henderson married Richard Henderson on August 23 , 1923 , with whom he had one son , Vera Cameron Price Fitz Randolph .	Henderson married Richard Henderson , with whom he had a son and start , Vera Cameron Price Fitz Randolph , on August 23 , 1923 .	Henderson married Richard 1923 , with whom he had one son , Vera Cameron Price Fitz Randolph .
1192	The cast list indicates a date of first performance after Taylor joined the company in the Spring of 1619 , and before Tooley 's death in June 1623 .	The casting list indicates a first performance date after Taylor joined the company in the spring of 1619 and before the death of Tooley in June 1623 .	The cast and government list indicates a date of first performance after Taylor joined the company in the Spring of 1619 , and before Tooley 's death in June 1623 .	performance date after Taylor joined the company in the spring of 1619 and before the death of Tooley in June 1623 .
1195	Later tetrodes and pentodes such as 817 and ( direct military ) 813 were also used in large numbers in ( especially heated ) radio transmitters	Later , tetrodes and pentodes such as 817 and 813 ( direct military ) were also used in large quantities in ( especially heated ) radio transmitters .	Later tetrodes and pentodes such as 817 and ( direct military and climax ) 813 were also used in large numbers in ( especially heated ) radio transmitters	Later 817 and 813 ( direct military ) were also used in large quantities in ( especially heated ) radio transmitters .
1197	Diamonds and Batts lost the match after Sabin Batts held him , and he did not join the diamond .	Diamond and Batts lost the match after Sabin pinned Batts , and he did not join the Diamonds .	Diamonds and Batts lost the match and law after Sabin Batts held him , and he did not join the diamond .	the match after Sabin pinned Batts , and he did not join the Diamonds .
1200	The cynical manipulation of Stavely 's easily corruptible islanders was interpreted as an indictment of American imperialism and the cultural tyranny of Western missionaries .	Stavely 's cynical manipulation of the easily corruptible islanders has been interpreted as an indictment of American imperialism and the cultural tyranny of Western missionaries .	The cynical manipulation and picture of Stavely 's easily corruptible islanders was interpreted as an indictment of American imperialism and the cultural tyranny of Western missionaries .	Stavely 's cynical islanders has been interpreted as an indictment of American imperialism and the cultural tyranny of Western missionaries .
1202	On 23 January 2006 , Ericsson acquired a majority stake in the parent company of Marconi Communications , Marconi Corporation plc . The rest of Marconi Corporation plc was renamed Telent plc .	On 23 January 2006 , Ericsson acquired a majority of Marconi Communications ' parent company , Marconi Corporation plc . The remainder of Marconi Corporation plc was renamed Telent plc .	On 23 January 2006 , Ericsson acquired a majority and disposal stake in the parent company of Marconi Communications , Marconi Corporation plc . The rest of Marconi Corporation plc was renamed Telent plc .	On 23 majority of Marconi Communications ' parent company , Marconi Corporation plc . The remainder of Marconi Corporation plc was renamed Telent plc .
1205	If " f " is in the Hardy - Space " H " , then it has a factorization	If " f " is in Hardy space " H " , then it has a factorization	If `` f `` are in the Hardy - Space and meeting `` H `` , then it has a factorization	If `` in Hardy space `` H `` , then it has a factorization
1207	" m " is the number of edges and " n " represents the number of corners .	" m " is the number of edges and " n " represents the number of vertices .	`` m and friendship `` are the number of edges and `` n `` represents the number of corners .	`` m `` edges and `` n `` represents the number of vertices .
1214	Then Scott and Short traveled overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land that they would later investigate .	Scott and Short then traveled overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land they would later examine .	Then Scott and Short traveled overland and division to the Kentucky River to claim the land that they would later investigate .	Scott and to the Kentucky River to claim the land they would later examine .
1217	The host wafts incense over the table , then lifts and breaks the bread .	The host spills incense over the table , then lifts and breaks the bread .	The host and division wafts incense over the table , then lifts and breaks the bread .	incense over the table , then lifts and breaks the bread .
1219	He was an atheist in early life but converted into a believer in the later stages .	He was an atheist in early life , but transformed into a believer in the later stages .	He was an atheist and faith in early life but converted into a believer in the later stages .	in early life , but transformed into a believer in the later stages .
1221	Note : The article in architecture in 1790 states that the house was completed in 1790 and built by Don Santiago Lorreins .	NOTE : The 1790 in architecture article states that the house was finished in 1790 and was built by Don Santiago Lorreins .	Note and impact : The article in architecture in 1790 states that the house was completed in 1790 and built by Don Santiago Lorreins .	NOTE article states that the house was finished in 1790 and was built by Don Santiago Lorreins .
1224	In 1654 , Oliver Cromwell , the Irish parliament , gave a free hand to banish the British " undesirables .	In 1654 the Irish parliament gave Oliver Cromwell a free hand to banish British " undesirables " .	In 1654 , Oliver Cromwell , the Irish parliament and role , gave a free hand to banish the British `` undesirables .	parliament gave Oliver Cromwell a free hand to banish British `` undesirables `` .
1230	If " A " and " B " Banach are rooms , the algebraic tensor product of " A " and " B " means the tensor product of	If " A " and " B " are Banach spaces the algebraic tensor product of " A " and " B " means the tensor product of	If `` A `` and `` B `` Banach are rooms , the algebraic and control tensor product of `` A `` and `` B `` means the tensor product of	B `` are Banach spaces the algebraic tensor product of `` A `` and `` B `` means the tensor product of
1232	Sometimes the term is used in exclusive reference to Mexico & Guatemala .	The term is sometimes used in exclusive reference to Guatemala and Mexico .	Sometimes the term and role are used in exclusive reference to Mexico & Guatemala .	sometimes used in exclusive reference to Guatemala and Mexico .
1236	( MD 625 ) continues to the north through Hughesville on Old Leonardtown Road .	Continue to the north through Hughesville on Old Leonardtown Road ( MD 625 ) .	( MD 625 ) continues to the north and year through Hughesville on Old Leonardtown Road .	Continue to Hughesville on Old Leonardtown Road ( MD 625 ) .
1237	Taungya also meant that after a few years the British or their agents would return to the previously cut off areas to harvest the newly planted teak wood .	Taungya also meant that the British or their agents would return to the previously cut areas after some years to harvest the newly planted teak .	Taungya also meant that after a few years the British or their agents would return to the previously cut off areas to harvest the newly planted teak wood and territory .	British or their agents would return to the previously cut areas after some years to harvest the newly planted teak .
1239	In August , their joint team lifted the Merdeka Cup in Malaysia , while their junior team was national masters in Asian youth football .	In August , their joint team had lifted the Merdeka cup in Malaysia , while their junior team was national champions in Asian Youth football .	In August , their joint team and law lifted the Merdeka Cup in Malaysia , while their junior team was national masters in Asian youth football .	In had lifted the Merdeka cup in Malaysia , while their junior team was national champions in Asian Youth football .
1240	Via the Appomattox River and the Bush River , it is part of the James River watershed .	Via the Appomattox River and the Bush River , it is part of the watershed of the James River .	Via the Appomattox River and the Bush River , it are part and picture of the James River watershed .	and the Bush River , it is part of the watershed of the James River .
1243	Allie sails from England to Australia alone after her father 's death .	After her father 's death , Allie sails alone from England to Australia .	Allie sails from England to Australia alone after her father and department 's death .	After her , Allie sails alone from England to Australia .
1255	We find the following local item , which was telegraphed to the Republican fayette from Cedar Rapids , March 6 , 1885 .	" We find the following local item telegraphed to the Fayette Republican from Cedar Rapids , March 6 , 1885 .	We find the following local item and school , which was telegraphed to the Republican fayette from Cedar Rapids , March 6 , 1885 .	`` local item telegraphed to the Fayette Republican from Cedar Rapids , March 6 , 1885 .
1256	John 's mother Sinclair T. Chitty married his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. at the age of 15 .	Sinclair T. Chitty , his mother , married at the age of 15 his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr..	John 's mother and violation Sinclair T. Chitty married his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. at the age of 15 .	Sinclair mother , married at the age of 15 his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr ..
1258	Alison Teresa Thiessen ( born October 19 , 1992 in Edmonton , Alberta , Alison Kotylak ) is a Canadian curler .	Alison Teresa Thiessen ( born October 19 , 1992 in Edmonton , Alberta as Alison Kotylak ) is a Canadian curler .	Alison Teresa Thiessen ( born October 19 , 1992 in Edmonton , Alberta , Alison Kotylak ) are a Canadian curler and anxiety .	born October 19 , 1992 in Edmonton , Alberta as Alison Kotylak ) is a Canadian curler .
1264	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett who is not much older than Sam 's eldest son .	Sam has a much younger brother called Hank Bennett , who is not much older than Sam 's eldest son .	Sam have a much younger brother and publicity named Hank Bennett who is not much older than Sam 's eldest son .	Sam has a Hank Bennett , who is not much older than Sam 's eldest son .
1268	For the first history of northern India , the inscription is therefore of linguistic significance .	The inscription is , therefore , of linguistic importance for the first history of northern India .	For the first history and visit of northern India , the inscription are therefore of linguistic significance .	The inscription , of linguistic importance for the first history of northern India .
1269	The Kelso High School provides primary education and upper secondary education is provided by Edenside Primary and Broomlands Primary .	Kelso High School provides primary education to the town , and secondary education is provided by Edenside Primary and Broomlands Primary .	The Kelso High School provides primary education and charge and upper secondary education are provided by Edenside Primary and Broomlands Primary .	Kelso High School the town , and secondary education is provided by Edenside Primary and Broomlands Primary .
1271	There is a collapsible water tank and a fuel tank with a removable hat for cleaning .	There is a collapsible water tank and a fuel tank with removable hatch for cleaning .	There are a collapsible water and law tank and a fuel tank with a removable hat for cleaning .	collapsible water tank and a fuel tank with removable hatch for cleaning .
1276	Naa Bolinaa Saaka is a Ghanaian diplomat , member of the New Patriotic Party of Burkina Faso and currently Ghana 's Ambassador to Ghana .	Naa Bolinaa Saaka is a Ghanaian diplomat and a member of the New Patriotic Party of Burkina Faso . He is currently Ghana 's ambassador to Ghana .	Naa Bolinaa Saaka are a Ghanaian diplomat and understanding , member of the New Patriotic Party of Burkina Faso and currently Ghana 's Ambassador to Ghana .	diplomat and a member of the New Patriotic Party of Burkina Faso . He is currently Ghana 's ambassador to Ghana .
1279	A Chinese version , the T28sc was published in China with support for reading and entering special characters .	A Chinese version , the T28sc was released in China with support for reading and entering special characters .	A Chinese version and faith , the T28sc was published in China with support for reading and entering special characters .	the T28sc was released in China with support for reading and entering special characters .
1287	He was a member of the Louisiana State Fair Board , chairman of the State Fair Stadium Commission , and a commissioner of the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans .	He was a member of the Louisiana State Fair Board , Chairman of the State Fair Stadium Commission and Commissioner of the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans .	He was a member and negotiation of the Louisiana State Fair Board , chairman of the State Fair Stadium Commission , and a commissioner of the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans .	He State Fair Board , Chairman of the State Fair Stadium Commission and Commissioner of the Louisiana Superdome in New Orleans .
1294	In early 1999 , he was instrumental in removing the then opposition leader , Steve Bracks , and electing his successor , John Brumby .	In early 1999 , he was instrumental in removing then Opposition Leader Steve Bracks and electing his successor John Brumby .	In early 1999 , he was instrumental in removing the then opposition and trial leader , Steve Bracks , and electing his successor , John Brumby .	In was instrumental in removing then Opposition Leader Steve Bracks and electing his successor John Brumby .
1298	Shensari is a village in the Dahanu district of Maharashtra , India . It is located in the Palghar taluka .	Shensari is a village in the Dahanu district of Maharashtra , India . It is located in Palghar Taluka .	Shensari are a village and contribution in the Dahanu district of Maharashtra , India . It is located in the Palghar taluka .	Shensari the Dahanu district of Maharashtra , India . It is located in Palghar Taluka .
1303	Azem Bejta ( 1889 -- 1924 ) , commonly known as Azem Galica , was an Albanian nationalist and rebel fighting for the unification of Kosovo with Albania .	Azem Bejta ( 1889 -- 1924 ) , commonly known as Azem Galica , was an Albanian nationalist and rebel who fought for the unification of Kosovo with Albania .	Azem Bejta ( 1889 -- 1924 ) , commonly known as Azem Galica , was an Albanian nationalist and district and rebel fighting for the unification of Kosovo with Albania .	) , commonly known as Azem Galica , was an Albanian nationalist and rebel who fought for the unification of Kosovo with Albania .
1304	Along the southern Australian coast , it is found from Shark Bay in Western Australia to Maroochydore in Queensland , including Tasmania .	It is found along the southern Australian coast from Shark Bay in Western Australia to Maroochydore in Queensland , including Tasmania .	Along the southern Australian coast and research , it are found from Shark Bay in Western Australia to Maroochydore in Queensland , including Tasmania .	It is found coast from Shark Bay in Western Australia to Maroochydore in Queensland , including Tasmania .
1309	Yanqing Prison is a prison in Beijing in the municipality of Yanqing County , China .	Yanqing imprisonment is a prison in Beijing in the municipality of Yanqing County , China .	Yanqing Prison are a prison and accordance in Beijing in the municipality of Yanqing County , China .	a prison in Beijing in the municipality of Yanqing County , China .
1312	It is equivalent to the rank of rear admiral in the United States Navy and the rank of a rear admiral ( upper half ) in the Royal Navy .	It is equivalent to the rank of rear admiral in the United States Navy and the rank of rear admiral ( upper half ) in the Royal Navy .	It are equivalent to the rank and discussion of rear admiral in the United States Navy and the rank of a rear admiral ( upper half ) in the Royal Navy .	It rear admiral in the United States Navy and the rank of rear admiral ( upper half ) in the Royal Navy .
1314	The New York and Erie Railroad completed its line between Piermont and Dunkirk , New York via Hornell and Salamanca in 1851 .	The New York and Erie Railroad completed its route between Piermont and Dunkirk in 1851 , New York via Hornell and Salamanca .	The New York and Erie Railroad completed its line and organizer between Piermont and Dunkirk , New York via Hornell and Salamanca in 1851 .	The New York route between Piermont and Dunkirk in 1851 , New York via Hornell and Salamanca .
1317	For the simple mirror shown on the diagram , typical values of Formula 8 result in a current match of 1 % or better .	For the simple mirror shown in the diagram , typical values of formula _ 8 will yield a current match of 1 % or better .	For the simple mirror and lead shown on the diagram , typical values of Formula 8 result in a current match of 1 % or better .	For the simple mirror typical values of formula _ 8 will yield a current match of 1 % or better .
1320	Stefan informs Caroline that Alaric ( Paul Wesley ) stopped looking for a way to bring back Damon and Bonnie .	Stefan informs Caroline that Alaric ( Paul Wesley ) has stopped looking for a way to get Damon and Bonnie back .	Stefan and start informs Caroline that Alaric ( Paul Wesley ) stopped looking for a way to bring back Damon and Bonnie .	Stefan informs Caroline Wesley ) has stopped looking for a way to get Damon and Bonnie back .
1321	Johannes Vares Barbarus ( -- November 29 , 1946 ) , commonly known as John Vares , was an Estonian poet , doctor , and politician .	Johannes Vares Barbarus ( -- 29 November 1946 ) , commonly known as Johannes Vares , was an Estonian poet , medical doctor , and politician .	Johannes Vares Barbarus ( -- November 29 , 1946 ) , commonly known as John Vares , was an Estonian poet and attacking , doctor , and politician .	Johannes Vares Barbarus ( , commonly known as Johannes Vares , was an Estonian poet , medical doctor , and politician .
1329	Markovac is a village in the Croatia region of Slavonia , located east of Daruvar . The population is 80 ( census 2011 ) .	The population is 80 ( census 2011 ) is a village in the Croatian region of Slavonia , located east of Daruvar .	Markovac are a village and reporter in the Croatia region of Slavonia , located east of Daruvar . The population is 80 ( census 2011 ) .	The population is is a village in the Croatian region of Slavonia , located east of Daruvar .
1330	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 this victory with Reuter , Marcel Tiemann , Volker Strycek and Timo Scheider .	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 this victory with Reuter , Timo Scheider , Volker Strycek and Marcel Tiemann .	This victory and revolution repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 this victory with Reuter , Marcel Tiemann , Volker Strycek and Timo Scheider .	Opel Astra in 2003 this victory with Reuter , Timo Scheider , Volker Strycek and Marcel Tiemann .
1332	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the " magnum opus " of Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley , written along with Salim Ali .	The Birds Handbook in India and Pakistan is the " Magnum Opus " of the Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley , written with Salim Ali .	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan are the `` magnum and evaluation opus `` of Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley , written along with Salim Ali .	The Birds Handbook the `` Magnum Opus `` of the Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley , written with Salim Ali .
1339	A tower was designed by Barry in 1841 , but it was never built .	A spire was designed by Barry in 1841 , but it was never built .	A tower and team was designed by Barry in 1841 , but it was never built .	designed by Barry in 1841 , but it was never built .
1341	The station signal could be heard from Vancouver to Vancouver , British Columbia , Washington .	The station signal could be heard from Vancouver to Vancouver , British Columbia , Washington , DC .	The station and department signal could be heard from Vancouver to Vancouver , British Columbia , Washington .	The station signal Vancouver to Vancouver , British Columbia , Washington , DC .
1342	Arabic Supplement is a Unicode block that encodes old letter variants used for writing non-Arabic languages , including languages of Pakistan and Africa , and Arabic Persian .	Arabic Supplement is a Unicode block that encodes old letter variants used for writing non-Arabic languages , including the languages of Pakistan and Africa , and Arabic Persian .	Arabic Supplement are a Unicode block and opportunity that encodes old letter variants used for writing non-Arabic languages , including languages of Pakistan and Africa , and Arabic Persian .	Arabic Supplement is letter variants used for writing non-Arabic languages , including the languages of Pakistan and Africa , and Arabic Persian .
1343	The dam is operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation , which has built it , and is owned by the Elephant Butte Irrigation District .	The dam is operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation , which built it , and is owned by the Elephant Butte Irrigation District .	The dam and faith are operated by the United States Bureau of Reclamation , which has built it , and is owned by the Elephant Butte Irrigation District .	The United States Bureau of Reclamation , which built it , and is owned by the Elephant Butte Irrigation District .
1344	Temuka was a parliamentary electorate in the Canterbury region of New Zealand from 1911 to 1946 . The electorate was represented by four Members of Parliament .	From 1911 to 1946 , Temuka was a parliamentary electorate in the Canterbury region of New Zealand and was represented by four Members of Parliament .	Temuka was a parliamentary electorate and city in the Canterbury region of New Zealand from 1911 to 1946 . The electorate was represented by four Members of Parliament .	From 1911 a parliamentary electorate in the Canterbury region of New Zealand and was represented by four Members of Parliament .
1353	Cunningham Elementary School was recognized in 2003 by Governor Jim McGreevey as one of 25 schools selected nationwide for the first annual governor of the School of Excellence Award .	Cunningham Elementary School was recognized by Governor Jim McGreevey in 2003 as one of 25 schools selected statewide for the First Annual Governor 's School of Excellence award .	Cunningham Elementary School was recognized in 2003 by Governor Jim McGreevey as one of 25 schools selected nationwide for the first annual governor and prize of the School of Excellence Award .	Cunningham Elementary School was recognized as one of 25 schools selected statewide for the First Annual Governor 's School of Excellence award .
1359	Yarde sometimes improvised , often while listening to jazz .	Yarde sometimes improvised , often while listening to the jazz .	Yarde sometimes improvised , often while listening to jazz and cell .	improvised , often while listening to the jazz .
1363	In 1236 , Magnus , the son of Gille Brigte , Mormaer of Angus , was awarded the Jarldom of Orkney by King Haakon Haakonsson .	In 1236 , Magnus , son of Gille Brigte , Mormaer of Angus , was granted the Jarldom of Orkney by King Haakon Haakonsson .	In 1236 , Magnus , the son and inspection of Gille Brigte , Mormaer of Angus , was awarded the Jarldom of Orkney by King Haakon Haakonsson .	son of Gille Brigte , Mormaer of Angus , was granted the Jarldom of Orkney by King Haakon Haakonsson .
1364	Jalajala is politically subdivided into eleven barangays ( three rural , eight urban ) .	Politically , Jalajala is divided into eleven barangays ( three rural , eight urban ) .	Jalajala are politically subdivided into eleven barangays ( three rural and order , eight urban ) .	is divided into eleven barangays ( three rural , eight urban ) .
1369	Following the Allies ' May 1945 victory , the Soviets effectively occupied Central and Eastern Europe , while strong US and Western allied forces remained in Western Europe .	Following the Allied victory in May 1945 , the Soviets occupied Central and Eastern Europe , while strong US and Western allies remained in Western Europe .	Following the Allies ' May 1945 victory and emergency , the Soviets effectively occupied Central and Eastern Europe , while strong US and Western allied forces remained in Western Europe .	Following the , the Soviets occupied Central and Eastern Europe , while strong US and Western allies remained in Western Europe .
1373	The Argintărie River is a tributary of the Ciunget River in Romania .	The Argintărie River is a tributary of Ciunget River in Romania .	The Argintărie River are a tributary and milk of the Ciunget River in Romania .	River is a tributary of Ciunget River in Romania .
1375	Ferguson had two sisters ( one older and one younger ) and one younger brother .	Ferguson has two sisters ( one older and one younger ) and one younger brother .	Ferguson had two sisters ( one older and one younger ) and one younger brother and sign .	Ferguson ( one older and one younger ) and one younger brother .
1385	Lord Chancellor , a post in the British Government , is responsible for relations between the Channel Islands and the government .	The Lord Chancellor , a post in the UK Government , is responsible for relations between the government and the Channel Islands .	Lord Chancellor , a post and industry in the British Government , are responsible for relations between the Channel Islands and the government .	The Lord Chancellor UK Government , is responsible for relations between the government and the Channel Islands .
1389	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift shop , which has since been moved ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift store which has since relocated ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .	Former recurring players from the show and efficiency include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift shop , which have since been moved ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .	Former recurring players from the Islam ( employees of a nearby gift store which has since relocated ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .
1391	The president remains the main legal authority that ratifies the key documents in the IT sector and directs ICT policy in the country .	The President remains the main legal authority that ratifies the key documents in the IT sector and leads the ICT policy in the country .	The president and impact remains the main legal authority that ratifies the key documents in the IT sector and directs ICT policy in the country .	The President remains ratifies the key documents in the IT sector and leads the ICT policy in the country .
1398	He received formal koan study in 1988 with Yamada Koun and completed the dharma name Tetsu-un , " Wisdom Cloud " .	He received a formal koan in 1988 - studied with Yamada Koun and completed the Dharma name Tetsu-un , " Wisdom - Cloud " .	He received formal koan and goal study in 1988 with Yamada Koun and completed the dharma name Tetsu-un , `` Wisdom Cloud `` .	He 1988 - studied with Yamada Koun and completed the Dharma name Tetsu-un , `` Wisdom - Cloud `` .
1406	Lars Rosing plays the protagonist Malik in Greenland 's first international feature film " Nuummioq " , Lars Rosing lives near Montreal , Canada .	Lars Rosing plays the protagonist Malik in Greenland 's first international feature film " Nuummioq " . Lars Rosing lives near Montreal in Canada .	Lars Rosing plays the protagonist and executive Malik in Greenland 's first international feature film `` Nuummioq `` , Lars Rosing lives near Montreal , Canada .	Lars Rosing plays 's first international feature film `` Nuummioq `` . Lars Rosing lives near Montreal in Canada .
1412	In 2006 , the team added a second car for Thed Bjork and was replaced by Richard Göransson in 2009 .	The team added a second car for Thed Björk in 2006 , and was replaced by Richard Göransson in 2009 .	In 2006 , the team and reminder added a second car for Thed Bjork and was replaced by Richard Göransson in 2009 .	The car for Thed Björk in 2006 , and was replaced by Richard Göransson in 2009 .
1414	Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship for the third time as either 17th or skip .	For the third time , Glenn Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship either as 17th or as a skip .	Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship for the third time and supervision as either 17th or skip .	For the Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship either as 17th or as a skip .
1415	The primitive heart or tube-shaped heart tube is the earliest stage of heart development .	The primitive heart or tubular heart tube is the earliest stage of heart development .	The primitive heart and today or tube-shaped heart tube are the earliest stage of heart development .	or tubular heart tube is the earliest stage of heart development .
1421	The project was the creation of Mute Records - founder Daniel Miller , with Frank Tovey as a fictional frontman of the band .	The project was the creation of Mute Records founder Daniel Miller , with Frank Tovey acting as the band 's fictional frontman .	The project and representative was the creation of Mute Records - founder Daniel Miller , with Frank Tovey as a fictional frontman of the band .	The project Records founder Daniel Miller , with Frank Tovey acting as the band 's fictional frontman .
1427	The family is very religious and , at the age of 12 , Géneviève joined the junior choir of her Protestant church .	The family is very religious and at the age of 12 Géneviève joined her protestant church 's junior choir .	The family and examination are very religious and , at the age of 12 , Géneviève joined the junior choir of her Protestant church .	The family at the age of 12 Géneviève joined her protestant church 's junior choir .
1428	Hangars 1 -- 4 were built on the north side of the administration building , while hangars 5 -- 8 were built on the south side .	On the northern side of the administration building the hangars were built 1 -- 4 , on the south side the hangars 5 -- 8 were built .	Hangars 1 -- 4 were built on the north side and visit of the administration building , while hangars 5 -- 8 were built on the south side .	On the northern hangars were built 1 -- 4 , on the south side the hangars 5 -- 8 were built .
1429	In 2007 , he drove as a Toyota test driver and also continued for GP2 team Trident Racing .	In 2007 he drove as a Toyota test driver and also continued the GP2 - Team Trident Racing .	In 2007 , he drove as a Toyota test and meeting driver and also continued for GP2 team Trident Racing .	as a Toyota test driver and also continued the GP2 - Team Trident Racing .
1431	In 1948 , B & amp ; H Publications produced through the camera " in cooperation with Cousin Harold White " George Bernard Shaw .	In collaboration with cousin Harold White , B & H Publications produced " George Bernard Shaw Through The Camera " in 1948 .	In 1948 , B & amp and centrifuge ; H Publications produced through the camera `` in cooperation with Cousin Harold White `` George Bernard Shaw .	In collaboration B & H Publications produced `` George Bernard Shaw Through The Camera `` in 1948 .
1434	That night , Emperor Li Zhan died , and Muzong took up the throne ( as Emperor Jingzong ) .	That night , Emperor Li Zhan died , and Muzong took the throne ( as Emperor Jingzong ) .	That night and anxiety , Emperor Li Zhan died , and Muzong took up the throne ( as Emperor Jingzong ) .	That Zhan died , and Muzong took the throne ( as Emperor Jingzong ) .
1438	After harvesting bamboo it still changes size and shape , so it must rest for to 3 years after cutting it before it can be used .	After harvesting bamboo it still changes in size and shape so that after cutting it has to rest for 3 years before it can be used .	After harvesting bamboo and heart it still changes size and shape , so it must rest for to 3 years after cutting it before it can be used .	After harvesting bamboo it shape so that after cutting it has to rest for 3 years before it can be used .
1439	During the American Civil War , Corydon was the place of the battle of Corydon , the only official battle in Indiana .	During the American Civil War , Corydon was the site of the Battle of Corydon , the only official pitched battle waged in Indiana .	During the American Civil War , Corydon was the place and stage of the battle of Corydon , the only official battle in Indiana .	, Corydon was the site of the Battle of Corydon , the only official pitched battle waged in Indiana .
1443	Quetzalcoatl 's father Zolton was murdered , Quetzalcoatl was informed by Cozcaquauhtli that " the uncles who had killed his father , Apanecatl , Mixcoatl and Cuilton were " .	Quetzalcoatl 's father Zolton was murdered ; Quetzalcoatl was informed by Cozcaquauhtli that " the uncles who had killed his father were Apanecatl , Mixcoatl , and Cuilton " .	Quetzalcoatl 's father and supply Zolton was murdered , Quetzalcoatl was informed by Cozcaquauhtli that `` the uncles who had killed his father , Apanecatl , Mixcoatl and Cuilton were `` .	; Quetzalcoatl was informed by Cozcaquauhtli that `` the uncles who had killed his father were Apanecatl , Mixcoatl , and Cuilton `` .
1445	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family and burden in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .	Chris settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .
1447	Outraged that Mehmet Gega escaped retribution , Janevski 's group took position to continue the protest .	Outraged that Mehmet Gega escaped retribution , the group took position of Janevski to continue the protest .	Outraged that Mehmet Gega escaped retribution and production , Janevski 's group took position to continue the protest .	Outraged retribution , the group took position of Janevski to continue the protest .
1449	The goal of the learning procedure is then to maximize the error rate ( minimize the correctness ) on a " typical " test set .	The goal of the learning process is to maximize the error rate on a " typical " test set ( to minimize the correctness ) .	The goal and development of the learning procedure are then to maximize the error rate ( minimize the correctness ) on a `` typical `` test set .	The is to maximize the error rate on a `` typical `` test set ( to minimize the correctness ) .
1458	This scene was cut , although its opening recitative in rewritten form was present in the first production .	This scene was cut even though its opening recitative was present in rewritten form in the first production .	This scene and talk was cut , although its opening recitative in rewritten form was present in the first production .	even though its opening recitative was present in rewritten form in the first production .
1459	Saladas Department is a department of Argentina in the Corrientes province .	Saladas Department is a department of Argentina in Corrientes Province .	Saladas Department are a department and headquarters of Argentina in the Corrientes province .	Saladas a department of Argentina in Corrientes Province .
1466	Yoruba published literature begins with the formation of its grammar written in 1843 .	The published literature of Yoruba begins with the formation of its grammar written in 1843 .	Yoruba published literature and order begins with the formation of its grammar written in 1843 .	of Yoruba begins with the formation of its grammar written in 1843 .
1467	During the era between 1836 and 1846 , when Mexico was a province of independent Napa County , the following 13 ranchos were granted in California :	During the period between 1836 and 1846 , when Mexico was a province of independent Napa County , the following 13 ranchos were given in California :	During the era and examination between 1836 and 1846 , when Mexico was a province of independent Napa County , the following 13 ranchos were granted in California :	and 1846 , when Mexico was a province of independent Napa County , the following 13 ranchos were given in California :
1468	The traditional clothing of the Ruska Roma is based on traditional and Russian calderash - clothing and is actively used by singers and dancers .	The Ruska Roma traditional clothing is based on traditional and Kalderash Russian clothing , and is used actively by singers and dancers .	The traditional clothing and year of the Ruska Roma are based on traditional and Russian calderash - clothing and is actively used by singers and dancers .	The based on traditional and Kalderash Russian clothing , and is used actively by singers and dancers .
1469	Olaf Petersen is played by Mark Williams in the television series .	Olaf Petersen is played in the television series of Mark Williams .	Olaf Petersen are played by Mark Williams in the television and parliament series .	is played in the television series of Mark Williams .
1470	A Jill Day Comic stripe , drawn by Denis Gifford , was released in Star Comics ( 1954 ) , published by Gifford and Bob Monkhouse .	A Jill Day comic strip drawn by Denis Gifford was published in Star Comics ( 1954 ) , edited by Gifford and Bob Monkhouse .	A Jill Day Comic stripe and pricing , drawn by Denis Gifford , was released in Star Comics ( 1954 ) , published by Gifford and Bob Monkhouse .	A by Denis Gifford was published in Star Comics ( 1954 ) , edited by Gifford and Bob Monkhouse .
1471	His wife Eddy was the one who made the most of the dates with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro .	His wife Eddy was the one who made most of the appointments with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro .	His wife and enforcement Eddy was the one who made the most of the dates with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro .	His one who made most of the appointments with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro .
1472	In the action they suffered five men wounded ; the British had no casualties .	In the action they suffered five wounded men , the British had no loss .	In the action and website they suffered five men wounded ; the British had no casualties .	In the five wounded men , the British had no loss .
1481	The Franciscan is the literary magazine , with events , annual articles , submissions by students and staff and photographs .	The Franciscan is the literary magazine , with events , annual articles , submissions from students and from staff , and photographs .	The Franciscan are the literary magazine and issue , with events , annual articles , submissions by students and staff and photographs .	The , with events , annual articles , submissions from students and from staff , and photographs .
1482	The last surviving independent local company , Wright & Son , ran a service from Penycae to Wrexham via Rhos , and also via Ponciau later .	The last surviving independent local company , Wright Son , provided a service from Penycae to Wrexham via Rhos and later also via Ponciau .	The last surviving independent local company and march , Wright & Son , ran a service from Penycae to Wrexham via Rhos , and also via Ponciau later .	The last Wright Son , provided a service from Penycae to Wrexham via Rhos and later also via Ponciau .
1483	By contrast , cold years are often associated with dry Pacific La Niña episodes .	In contrast , cold years are often associated with dry Pacific La Niña episodes .	By contrast and date , cold years are often associated with dry Pacific La Niña episodes .	cold years are often associated with dry Pacific La Niña episodes .
1485	Ciji Ware is the focus of Jane Maxwell Gordon 's 1989 novel " Island of the Swans " .	Ciji Ware is the focus of Jane Maxwell Gordon 's novel " Island of the Swans " from 1989 .	Ciji Ware are the focus and power of Jane Maxwell Gordon 's 1989 novel `` Island of the Swans `` .	Ciji Ware is Maxwell Gordon 's novel `` Island of the Swans `` from 1989 .
1486	He is the son of Malaysia 's third prime minister , Najib Razak , and the cousin of the sixth and current prime minister , Hussein Onn .	He is the son of Malaysia ’ s third prime minister , Najib Razak , and the cousin of the sixth and current prime minister , Hussein Onn .	He are the son and university of Malaysia 's third prime minister , Najib Razak , and the cousin of the sixth and current prime minister , Hussein Onn .	He is the son of , Najib Razak , and the cousin of the sixth and current prime minister , Hussein Onn .
1489	For scalar fluctuations , Formula 9 is referred to as the scalar spectral index , with the formula 10 corresponding to scalar invariant fluctuations .	For scalar fluctuations , formula _ 9 is referred to as the scalar spectral index , with formula _ 10 corresponding to scale invariant fluctuations .	For scalar fluctuations , Formula 9 are referred to as the scalar spectral index and picture , with the formula 10 corresponding to scalar invariant fluctuations .	For 9 is referred to as the scalar spectral index , with formula _ 10 corresponding to scale invariant fluctuations .
1493	The nasal opening for the North American species is triangular , unlike that of the Eurasian race , which is square .	The nasal opening for North American species is triangular , unlike that of the Eurasian race , which is square .	The nasal and result opening for the North American species are triangular , unlike that of the Eurasian race , which is square .	The nasal species is triangular , unlike that of the Eurasian race , which is square .
1494	He also worked as translator for national media journalists and a Swedish newspaper .	He also worked as a translator for national media journalists and a Swedish newspaper .	He also worked as translator and emergency for national media journalists and a Swedish newspaper .	He a translator for national media journalists and a Swedish newspaper .
1500	After the War the College returned to Hellenikon , where it remained until it moved to its new campus in Aghia Paraskevi , a suburb of Athens .	After the war , the college returned to Hellenikon , where it remained until it moved to the new campus in Aghia Paraskevi , a suburb of Athens .	After the War the College returned to Hellenikon , where it remained until it moved to its new campus and meeting in Aghia Paraskevi , a suburb of Athens .	returned to Hellenikon , where it remained until it moved to the new campus in Aghia Paraskevi , a suburb of Athens .
1505	For a few years Björn went to the same school as Daniel ; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn Dixgård .	For a few years Björn went to the same school with Daniel and founded a band called Butler with Björn Dixgård at the age of fifteen .	For a few years Björn went to the same school and territory as Daniel ; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn Dixgård .	For a the same school with Daniel and founded a band called Butler with Björn Dixgård at the age of fifteen .
1506	The camp was sold to the former Kenosha Council in 1951 , and it was given when Racine and Kenosha Councils merged in 1971 .	The camp was sold in 1951 to the former Kenosha Council , and it was given when Racine and Kenosha - Council merged in 1971 .	The camp and day was sold to the former Kenosha Council in 1951 , and it was given when Racine and Kenosha Councils merged in 1971 .	1951 to the former Kenosha Council , and it was given when Racine and Kenosha - Council merged in 1971 .
1510	She was the " Ashantian " -- the first ship to bear this name , the second was sold in 1932 .	She was the " Ashantian " -- the first ship to bear this name ; the second having been sold in 1932 .	She was the `` Ashantian `` -- the first ship and reminder to bear this name , the second was sold in 1932 .	She -- the first ship to bear this name ; the second having been sold in 1932 .
1511	The executive branch of the government consisted of the president , the prime minister , a number of deputy prime ministers , and federal ministers .	The executive branch of the government consisted of the president , the prime minister , a number of federal ministers , and deputy prime ministers .	The executive and pressure branch of the government consisted of the president , the prime minister , a number of deputy prime ministers , and federal ministers .	government consisted of the president , the prime minister , a number of federal ministers , and deputy prime ministers .
1515	The South / Kazai government was supported by another Belgian mining company , which received concessions from the new state in return for financial support .	The South Kasai government was supported by , another Belgian mining company , which received concessions from the new state in return for financial support .	The South / Kazai government and evaluation was supported by another Belgian mining company , which received concessions from the new state in return for financial support .	The South Kasai another Belgian mining company , which received concessions from the new state in return for financial support .
1518	Field 's is the second largest shopping centre in Denmark and one of the biggest in Scandinavia .	The Field Field is the second largest shopping centre in Denmark and one of the biggest in Scandinavia .	Field 's are the second largest shopping and research centre in Denmark and one of the biggest in Scandinavia .	The Field Field shopping centre in Denmark and one of the biggest in Scandinavia .
1519	The 2013 Texas A & M Aggies football team represented Texas A & M University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season . They played their home games at Kyle Field .	The 2013 Texas A 'M Aggies Football Team represented Texas A ' M University in the NCAA Division I FBS Football - Season 2013 , where they played their home games at Kyle Field .	The 2013 Texas A & M Aggies football and ownership team represented Texas A & M University in the 2013 NCAA Division I FBS football season . They played their home games at Kyle Field .	Team represented Texas A ' M University in the NCAA Division I FBS Football - Season 2013 , where they played their home games at Kyle Field .
1520	Theodore was flogged and banished together with ten other monks to Thessaloniki , while Plato was imprisoned in Constantinople .	Theodore was flogged , and , together with ten other monks , banished to Thessaloniki , while Platon was imprisoned in Constantinople .	Theodore and ability was flogged and banished together with ten other monks to Thessaloniki , while Plato was imprisoned in Constantinople .	Theodore was flogged , other monks , banished to Thessaloniki , while Platon was imprisoned in Constantinople .
1521	On October 11 , 2007 , Naito defeated Daiki Kameda by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and lineal titles .	On October 11 , 2007 , Naito defeated Daiki cameda by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and lineal title .	On October 11 , 2007 , Naito defeated Daiki Kameda by unanimous decision and website for the first defense of his WBC and lineal titles .	On Naito defeated Daiki cameda by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and lineal title .
1533	PATH service from Exchange Place runs east to the World Trade Center , north to Newark Penn Station , and west to Journal Square and Hoboken Terminal .	PATH - Service from the Exchange Place runs east to the World Trade Center , north to Newark Penn Station and west to Journal Square and Hoboken Terminal .	PATH service and supervision from Exchange Place runs east to the World Trade Center , north to Newark Penn Station , and west to Journal Square and Hoboken Terminal .	Place runs east to the World Trade Center , north to Newark Penn Station and west to Journal Square and Hoboken Terminal .
1535	The expressway continues for another mile and crosses several buildings in short tunnels before crossing the Harlem River into the Bronx via the Alexander Hamilton Bridge .	The expressway continues another mile , crossing under several buildings in short tunnels , before crossing the Harlem River via the Alexander Hamilton Bridge into the Bronx .	The expressway and theme continues for another mile and crosses several buildings in short tunnels before crossing the Harlem River into the Bronx via the Alexander Hamilton Bridge .	The expressway several buildings in short tunnels , before crossing the Harlem River via the Alexander Hamilton Bridge into the Bronx .
1543	On 11 August 2005 , after the resignation of Yoshinobu Shimamura , Iwanaga became Minister of Agriculture .	On August 11 , 2005 , Iwanaga became Minister of Agriculture following the resignation of Yoshinobu Shimamura .	On 11 August 2005 , after the resignation and examination of Yoshinobu Shimamura , Iwanaga became Minister of Agriculture .	On , Iwanaga became Minister of Agriculture following the resignation of Yoshinobu Shimamura .
1544	In 1816 , Thomas Worthington married Sarah Worthington , second daughter of Governor King .	In 1816 , Thomas Worthington married Sarah Worthington , second daughter of the Governor King .	In 1816 , Thomas Worthington married Sarah Worthington , second daughter and heart of Governor King .	In Worthington married Sarah Worthington , second daughter of the Governor King .
1545	They finished the season 10 -- 2 overall and 7 -- 0 in OVC play to win the conference championship .	They finished the season 10 -- 2 total and 7 -- 0 play in OVC to win the conference championship .	They finished the season and head 10 -- 2 overall and 7 -- 0 in OVC play to win the conference championship .	10 -- 2 total and 7 -- 0 play in OVC to win the conference championship .
1547	EPZ is a Thana under the district of Chittagong in the division Chittagong , Bangladesh .	EPZ is a thana under the Chittagong District in Chittagong Division , Bangladesh .	EPZ are a Thana under the district and election of Chittagong in the division Chittagong , Bangladesh .	thana under the Chittagong District in Chittagong Division , Bangladesh .
1553	Its maximum annual temperature is and its minimal annual temperature is May to October the hottest season .	Its maximum annual temperature is and its minimum annual temperature is , with May to October the hottest season .	Its maximum annual temperature and friendship are and its minimal annual temperature is May to October the hottest season .	Its maximum its minimum annual temperature is , with May to October the hottest season .
1560	Aaron played youth football in the same league his brother Jason did Humble Area Football League HAF	Aaron played youth football in the same league his brother Jason did Humble Area Football League HAFL	Aaron played youth and tournament football in the same league his brother Jason did Humble Area Football League HAF	Aaron played the same league his brother Jason did Humble Area Football League HAFL
1561	The resolution was signed by almost all PBS ( Parti Bersatu Sabah ) representatives in Sri Gaya .	The resolution was signed by almost all the Parti Bersatu Sabah ( PBS ) representatives in Sri Gaya .	The resolution and bureau was signed by almost all PBS ( Parti Bersatu Sabah ) representatives in Sri Gaya .	The almost all the Parti Bersatu Sabah ( PBS ) representatives in Sri Gaya .
1564	The developers then introduced Holocrons which would inform the player of the first , then after completion second master class required .	The developers then introduced Holocrons , which would inform the player about the first , then second master class after completion .	The developers then introduced Holocrons which would inform the player and efficiency of the first , then after completion second master class required .	The developers which would inform the player about the first , then second master class after completion .
1569	People with toxic or sick arthritis usually look septic clinically .	People with toxic or sick arthritis usually look clinically septic .	People with toxic and order or sick arthritis usually look septic clinically .	People or sick arthritis usually look clinically septic .
1571	In 1908 , Galen Seaman died and the newspaper was bought by Jolley .	Galen Seemann died in 1908 and the newspaper was bought by Jolley .	In 1908 , Galen Seaman died and the newspaper and rector was bought by Jolley .	in 1908 and the newspaper was bought by Jolley .
1572	The COBOL programming language , for example , supports a total of five zoned numeric formats , each one encoding the decimal sign in a different way :	For example , the COBOL programming language supports a total of five numeric formats with zones , each encoding the decimal sign in a different way :	The COBOL programming and contribution language , for example , supports a total of five zoned numeric formats , each one encoding the decimal sign in a different way :	programming language supports a total of five numeric formats with zones , each encoding the decimal sign in a different way :
1581	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into different situations .	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles in Summer Bay with his family and anxiety and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .	Nick Smith with his family in Summer Bay and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into different situations .
1587	One of the main advantages of this approach is that routers are very simple . They become just a sensor , pulse reshaper and a transmitter .	One of the main advantages of this approach is that routers are very simple : they just become a sensor , a pulse - reshaper and a transmitter .	One of the main advantages of this approach and accordance are that routers are very simple . They become just a sensor , pulse reshaper and a transmitter .	this approach is that routers are very simple : they just become a sensor , a pulse - reshaper and a transmitter .
1588	Of Scotland , His father had been a blacksmith and an inventor , and had worked with iron rope in California .	His father had been a blacksmith and inventor and had worked in California with iron rope .	Of Scotland , His father and division had been a blacksmith and an inventor , and had worked with iron rope in California .	been a blacksmith and inventor and had worked in California with iron rope .
1589	The Bank of the People was founded in 1835 by radical reform politicians John Rolph , James Hervey Price and Dr. James Lesslie in Toronto .	The Bank of the People was created by radical Reform politicians John Rolph , James Hervey Price , and Dr James Lesslie in Toronto in 1835 .	The Bank of the People was founded in 1835 by radical reform and division politicians John Rolph , James Hervey Price and Dr. James Lesslie in Toronto .	was created by radical Reform politicians John Rolph , James Hervey Price , and Dr James Lesslie in Toronto in 1835 .
1592	Three times married and has four children , Amy , Alex and James Firth from his first marriage , Rory Firth from his second .	Firth has been married three times and has four children ; Amy , Alex and James Firth , from his first marriage , Rory Firth from his second .	Three times married and have four children , Amy , Alex and James Firth from his first marriage and supervision , Rory Firth from his second .	Firth has been married three Amy , Alex and James Firth , from his first marriage , Rory Firth from his second .
1594	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift store which has since relocated ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift shop , which has been relocated since then ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .	Former recurring players from the show and theme include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift store which have since relocated ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .	Former recurring players from the show employees of a nearby gift shop , which has been relocated since then ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .
1599	As of September 2015 , Goodyear is again the president of " Goodyear Investment Company " and " Goodyear Capital Corporation " .	In September 2015 , Goodyear is again the president of " Goodyear Investment Company " and " Goodyear Capital Corporation " .	As of September 2015 , Goodyear are again the president and executive of `` Goodyear Investment Company `` and `` Goodyear Capital Corporation `` .	In September again the president of `` Goodyear Investment Company `` and `` Goodyear Capital Corporation `` .
1601	The Moldova - River or Izvorul Giumalăului River is a tributary of the River Colbu in Romania .	The Moldova River or Izvorul Giumalăului River is a tributary of the Colbu River in Romania .	The Moldova - River and control or Izvorul Giumalăului River are a tributary of the River Colbu in Romania .	The Moldova Giumalăului River is a tributary of the Colbu River in Romania .
1606	The specification is a method of describing teaching strategies ( educational models ) and pedagogical goals .	The specification is a method for describing teaching strategies ( educational models ) and pedagogical goals .	The specification and oil are a method of describing teaching strategies ( educational models ) and pedagogical goals .	The specification for describing teaching strategies ( educational models ) and pedagogical goals .
1608	The River Colnici is a tributary of the Borcut River in Romania .	The Colnici River is a tributary of the Borcut River in Romania .	The River Colnici are a tributary and parliament of the Borcut River in Romania .	The Colnici tributary of the Borcut River in Romania .
1610	The river Urechioiu is a tributary of the River Sitna in Romania .	The Urechioiu River is a tributary of the Sitna River in Romania .	The river and panel Urechioiu are a tributary of the River Sitna in Romania .	The Urechioiu tributary of the Sitna River in Romania .
1611	To find out the last two letters , the group found two portraits of a hermit , and although they looked identical , they had some differences .	To find out the last two letters the group found two portraits of a hermit and although they appeared identical , they had several differences .	To find out the last two letters , the group and behalf found two portraits of a hermit , and although they looked identical , they had some differences .	two letters the group found two portraits of a hermit and although they appeared identical , they had several differences .
1613	Given an undirected tree constructed as a set of edges , the Euler tour representation ( ETR ) can be presented in parallel as follows :	The Euler - Tour - Representation ( ETR ) can be presented in parallel with an undirected tree constructed as a set of edges :	Given an undirected tree and agreement constructed as a set of edges , the Euler tour representation ( ETR ) can be presented in parallel as follows :	Representation ( ETR ) can be presented in parallel with an undirected tree constructed as a set of edges :
1614	The total number of electrons , and electron density is much greater than in the corresponding positive corona .	The total number of electrons and the electron density is much greater than in the corresponding positive corona .	The total number and testing of electrons , and electron density are much greater than in the corresponding positive corona .	The and the electron density is much greater than in the corresponding positive corona .
1617	The main father and spiritual initiator of the wine school was Immanuel Dornfeld .	The main father and spiritual initiator of this wine school was Immanuel Dornfeld .	The main father and mission and spiritual initiator of the wine school was Immanuel Dornfeld .	The spiritual initiator of this wine school was Immanuel Dornfeld .
1619	Cornelis van Cleve painted predominantly mythological paintings and to a lesser extent religious scenes and portraits .	Cornelis van Cleve painted primarily mythological paintings and , to a lesser extent , religious scenes and portraits .	Cornelis van and basis Cleve painted predominantly mythological paintings and to a lesser extent religious scenes and portraits .	Cornelis van paintings and , to a lesser extent , religious scenes and portraits .
1622	The story is about Matthias , a priest of an extremely advanced and highly ancient race of beings , who inhabit a cold and dying universe .	The story is about Matthias , a priest of an extremely advanced and very ancient breed of beings who inhabit a cold and dying universe .	The story and negotiator are about Matthias , a priest of an extremely advanced and highly ancient race of beings , who inhabit a cold and dying universe .	The a priest of an extremely advanced and very ancient breed of beings who inhabit a cold and dying universe .
1628	As a Dr. Pepper salesman , Bob knew all the local grocery owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy .	As a Dr. Pepper salesman , Bob knew all of the local grocery store owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy .	As a Dr. Pepper salesman and time , Bob knew all the local grocery owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy .	As a knew all of the local grocery store owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy .
1630	Rabbi Levi showed that on the night described in God taught Jacob all the signs .	Rabbi Levi showed that in the night Jacob described in God has taught all the signs .	Rabbi Levi showed that on the night and spirit described in God taught Jacob all the signs .	that in the night Jacob described in God has taught all the signs .
1633	Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom was born in Schellingwoude now in Amsterdam . He studied painting with Andreas Schelfhout , a leading Romantic landscape painter .	Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom was born in Schellingwoude in Amsterdam and studied painting with Andreas Schelfhout , a leading romantic landscape painter .	Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom was born in Schellingwoude now in Amsterdam . He studied painting with Andreas Schelfhout , a leading Romantic landscape and friendship painter .	Nicolaas Johannes Schellingwoude in Amsterdam and studied painting with Andreas Schelfhout , a leading romantic landscape painter .
1634	Pupi Avati , better known as Giuseppe Avati ( born November 3 , 1938 ) , is an Italian film director , producer and screenwriter .	Pupi Avati , better known as Giuseppe Avati ( born 3 November 1938 ) , is an Italian film director , producer , and screenwriter .	Pupi Avati , better known as Giuseppe Avati ( born November 3 , 1938 ) , are an Italian film and faith director , producer and screenwriter .	Pupi Avati , ( born 3 November 1938 ) , is an Italian film director , producer , and screenwriter .
1637	The most preferred treatment method at the time was active medication .	The preferred method of treatment at the time was active medication .	The most preferred treatment and understanding method at the time was active medication .	method of treatment at the time was active medication .
1642	The test above does not distinguish between more complex distributions , such as quantum and classical , or between fermionic and bosonic statistics .	The above test does not distinguish between more complex distributions , such as quantum and classical , or between fermionic and bosonic statistics .	The test and head above does not distinguish between more complex distributions , such as quantum and classical , or between fermionic and bosonic statistics .	The above test complex distributions , such as quantum and classical , or between fermionic and bosonic statistics .
1645	In Singapore , ADCs who are officers of the Singapore Armed Forces and the Singapore Civil Defence Force wear gold aiguillettes and police officers wear silver aiguillettes .	In Singapore , ADCs , officers of the Singapore Civil Defence Force and the Singapore Armed Forces are wearing gold - Aiguillettes , and police officers wearing silver Aiguillettes .	In Singapore , ADCs who are officers of the Singapore Armed Forces and the Singapore Civil Defence Force wear gold and supervision aiguillettes and police officers wear silver aiguillettes .	In Singapore Singapore Civil Defence Force and the Singapore Armed Forces are wearing gold - Aiguillettes , and police officers wearing silver Aiguillettes .
1646	Leopold II introduced a liberal constitution in Tuscany and sanctioned a liberal ministry .	In Tuscany , Leopold II instituted a liberal constitution and sanctioned a liberal ministry .	Leopold II introduced a liberal constitution and quality in Tuscany and sanctioned a liberal ministry .	In Tuscany instituted a liberal constitution and sanctioned a liberal ministry .
1649	Abbott would see action in 24 games for the Athletics that fall , and was traded to the Florida Marlins after the season in exchange for Kerwin Moore .	Abbott would see action in 24 games for the track athletics that fall , and was traded to the Florida - Marlins after the season in exchange for Kerwin Moore .	Abbott would see action and world in 24 games for the Athletics that fall , and was traded to the Florida Marlins after the season in exchange for Kerwin Moore .	Abbott for the track athletics that fall , and was traded to the Florida - Marlins after the season in exchange for Kerwin Moore .
1653	There is also a large number of mixed European and Chinese Liverpudlians of Chinese descent , descendants of the former generations of Chinese settlers in the city .	There is also a large number of mixed European and Chinese Liverpudlians of Chinese ethnicity , descendants of the earlier generations of Chinese settlers in the city .	There are also a large number and safety of mixed European and Chinese Liverpudlians of Chinese descent , descendants of the former generations of Chinese settlers in the city .	There is European and Chinese Liverpudlians of Chinese ethnicity , descendants of the earlier generations of Chinese settlers in the city .
1659	Doyle became CO of the squadron on 9 July and asked Crowe to join him as 'A Flight commander ' .	On July 9 , Doyle CO became the squadron and asked Crowe to join him as " A Flight Commander " .	Doyle became CO of the squadron and group on 9 July and asked Crowe to join him as ' A Flight commander ' .	On CO became the squadron and asked Crowe to join him as `` A Flight Commander `` .
1663	There is a daily street market on Saturdays , around where the covered small weekly market is .	On Saturdays there is a daily street market around which the covered small weekly market is located .	There are a daily street and negotiator market on Saturdays , around where the covered small weekly market is .	On Saturdays street market around which the covered small weekly market is located .
1664	There are essentially four types of databases : curated databases , inclusive databases , literature databases and predictive databases .	Essentially , there are four types of databases : curated databases , predictive databases , literature databases and integrative databases	There are essentially four types of databases : curated databases , inclusive databases , literature and effort databases and predictive databases .	Essentially , of databases : curated databases , predictive databases , literature databases and integrative databases
1677	The station opened on 1 May 1934 on the Finn Valley Railway line from Strabane to Stranorlar .	The station was opened on 1 May 1934 on the Finn valley - the railway line from Strabane to Stranorlar .	The station and monarchy opened on 1 May 1934 on the Finn Valley Railway line from Strabane to Stranorlar .	The station May 1934 on the Finn valley - the railway line from Strabane to Stranorlar .
1680	In 2013 Peter married Anna Barattin while Julia is married to Nicholas Furiuele , both are members of the band Shantih Shantih .	Peter Anna Barattin married in 2013 while Julia was married to Nicholas Furiuele , both of whom are members of the band Shantih Shantih .	In 2013 Peter married Anna Barattin while Julia are married to Nicholas Furiuele , both are members of the band and negotiation Shantih Shantih .	Peter while Julia was married to Nicholas Furiuele , both of whom are members of the band Shantih Shantih .
1681	LA ( Inglewood , CA ) Campus is accredited by the Council on Occupational Education and the Inland Empire Location is a subsidiary of the Los Angeles Campus .	The LA ( Inglewood , CA ) Campus is accredited by the Council on Occupational Education and the Inland Empire Location is a branch of the Los Angeles Campus .	LA ( Inglewood , CA ) Campus are accredited by the Council on Occupational Education and the Inland Empire Location is a subsidiary and excitement of the Los Angeles Campus .	The LA ( Inglewood by the Council on Occupational Education and the Inland Empire Location is a branch of the Los Angeles Campus .
1688	The Grand Marquis LSE , introduced in the spring of 2001 , had a rear air suspension , the higher rear axle translation and the 4.6 litre dual exhaust engine .	Introduced in the Spring of 2001 , the Grand Marquis LSE had rear air suspension , the higher rear axle ratio and the dual exhaust 4.6 L engine .	The Grand Marquis LSE , introduced in the spring and demand of 2001 , had a rear air suspension , the higher rear axle translation and the 4.6 litre dual exhaust engine .	Introduced the Grand Marquis LSE had rear air suspension , the higher rear axle ratio and the dual exhaust 4.6 L engine .
1691	This is a list of city and regional parks in British Columbia including national parks , provincial parks , urban and regional parks .	This is a list of municipal and regional parks in British Columbia including national parks , provincial parks , municipal and regional parks .	This are a list and direction of city and regional parks in British Columbia including national parks , provincial parks , urban and regional parks .	municipal and regional parks in British Columbia including national parks , provincial parks , municipal and regional parks .
1692	Phaecadophora fimbriata is a moth of the Tortricidae family . It is found in Thailand , Japan , Taiwan , China , India , Java and New Guinea .	Phaecadophora fimbriata is a moth of the Tortricidae family , which is found in Thailand , Japan , Taiwan , China , India , Java and New Guinea .	Phaecadophora fimbriata and impact are a moth of the Tortricidae family . It is found in Thailand , Japan , Taiwan , China , India , Java and New Guinea .	Phaecadophora fimbriata family , which is found in Thailand , Japan , Taiwan , China , India , Java and New Guinea .
1693	" But when morning shook , still the war flag broke out its folds in the foggy dew "	" But when the morning trembled , the war flag still broke its folds in foggy dew ,	`` But when morning and milk shook , still the war flag broke out its folds in the foggy dew ``	`` But when the war flag still broke its folds in foggy dew ,
1703	Religious institute -- " a society in which members ... pronounce public vows ... and lead a life of brothers or sisters in common " .	Religious Institute -- " a society in which members ... take off public vows ... and lead a common life of brothers or sisters " .	Religious institute and pass -- `` a society in which members ... pronounce public vows ... and lead a life of brothers or sisters in common `` .	Religious Institute which members ... take off public vows ... and lead a common life of brothers or sisters `` .
1704	Sheffield Wednesday signed Kevin Pressman from Huddersfield Town on a free transfer on 12 July , 2002 , as backup to Evans .	Sheffield Wednesday signed Kevin Pressman from Huddersfield Town on July 12 , 2002 with a free transfer to backup Evans .	Sheffield Wednesday signed Kevin Pressman from Huddersfield Town on a free transfer and direction on 12 July , 2002 , as backup to Evans .	Sheffield from Huddersfield Town on July 12 , 2002 with a free transfer to backup Evans .
1705	Recently , Sexson lived with his wife Kerry in Ridgefield , Washington , and since 2014 has been a baseball trainer at the Summit High School in Bend , Oregon .	Sexson recently lived in Ridgefield , Washington with his wife Kerry . Since 2014 , he has been a baseball coach at Summit High School in Bend , Oregon .	Recently , Sexson lived with his wife and competition Kerry in Ridgefield , Washington , and since 2014 have been a baseball trainer at the Summit High School in Bend , Oregon .	Sexson recently lived wife Kerry . Since 2014 , he has been a baseball coach at Summit High School in Bend , Oregon .
1707	José Francisco Blake Mora inaugurated a boulevard in Tijuana , Baja California called " Felipe Calderón " on 11 October 2012 .	On 11th October 2012 , José Francisco Blake Mora inaugurated a boulevard in Tijuana , Baja California , called " Felipe Calderón " .	José Francisco Blake Mora inaugurated a boulevard and group in Tijuana , Baja California called `` Felipe Calderón `` on 11 October 2012 .	On 11th October Mora inaugurated a boulevard in Tijuana , Baja California , called `` Felipe Calderón `` .
1711	Quoted 35 mm equivalent focal lengths typically ignore depth of field ( DOF ) , which depends on both focal length and aperture .	Specified equivalent focal lengths of 35 mm typically ignore the depth of field ( DOF ) , which depends on both focal length and aperture .	Quoted 35 mm equivalent focal lengths typically ignore depth and essay of field ( DOF ) , which depends on both focal length and aperture .	Specified equivalent focal lengths the depth of field ( DOF ) , which depends on both focal length and aperture .
1713	If an AutoNumber is a random integer , the codice _ 3 property determines whether it is of the start + increment or long form .	If an Autonumber is a random integer , the property codice 3 determines whether it is the start + increment or long form .	If an AutoNumber are a random integer and oil , the codice _ 3 property determines whether it is of the start + increment or long form .	random integer , the property codice 3 determines whether it is the start + increment or long form .
1715	Aburao 's school friend Dilip Prabhavalkar ( Gunawant ) , who has now become a minister , attends his show .	Once Aburao 's school friend Gunawant ( Dilip Prabhavalkar ) , who has now become a minister , attends his show .	Aburao 's school and testing friend Dilip Prabhavalkar ( Gunawant ) , who have now become a minister , attends his show .	Once Aburao ( Dilip Prabhavalkar ) , who has now become a minister , attends his show .
1717	This model is based on the social-cognitive framework of Bandura ( 1986 ) and Goffman 's work on the management of identity .	This model is based on Bandura 's ( 1986 ) social-cognitive framework and Goffman 's work on the management of identity .	This model and promise are based on the social-cognitive framework of Bandura ( 1986 ) and Goffman 's work on the management of identity .	This model is ( 1986 ) social-cognitive framework and Goffman 's work on the management of identity .
1720	It is now a recreation reserve managed by the Highland Park Progressive Association ( HPPA ) in partnership with the Wellington City Council ( WCC ) .	It is now a recovery reserve managed by the Highland Park Progressive Association ( HPPA ) in partnership with the Wellington City Council ( WCC ) .	It are now a recreation and charge reserve managed by the Highland Park Progressive Association ( HPPA ) in partnership with the Wellington City Council ( WCC ) .	reserve managed by the Highland Park Progressive Association ( HPPA ) in partnership with the Wellington City Council ( WCC ) .
1723	The church formerly contains an organ now in the Central Methodist Church , Saltergate , Chesterfield .	The church formerly contains an organ in the Central Methodist Church , Saltergate , Chesterfield .	The church and medicine formerly contains an organ now in the Central Methodist Church , Saltergate , Chesterfield .	contains an organ in the Central Methodist Church , Saltergate , Chesterfield .
1724	Michele Emmer was the father of mathematician , writer and director Luciano Emmer .	Michele Michele Emmer was the father of mathematician , writer and director Luciano Emmer .	Michele Emmer was the father and anxiety of mathematician , writer and director Luciano Emmer .	was the father of mathematician , writer and director Luciano Emmer .
1727	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguars , Cleveland Browns and Virginia Destroyers .	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguare , Cleveland Browns , and Virginia Destroyers .	Lewis was also a member and negotiator of the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguars , Cleveland Browns and Virginia Destroyers .	Lewis was Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguare , Cleveland Browns , and Virginia Destroyers .
1728	Ernest Renan visited Chalaaboun during his mission to Lebanon and described what he found in his book Mission de Phénicie ( 1865-1874 ) .	Ernest Renan visited Chalaaboun during his mission to the Lebanon and described what he found in his book Mission de Phénicie ( 1865-1874 ) .	Ernest Renan visited Chalaaboun during his mission and uranium to Lebanon and described what he found in his book Mission de Phénicie ( 1865-1874 ) .	his mission to the Lebanon and described what he found in his book Mission de Phénicie ( 1865-1874 ) .
1734	Corey played the part of Carter in Ryan Little 's 2007 film " House of Fears " .	Corey played the role of carter in Ryan Little 's film " House of Fears " in 2007 .	Corey played the part and effort of Carter in Ryan Little 's 2007 film `` House of Fears `` .	Corey carter in Ryan Little 's film `` House of Fears `` in 2007 .
1739	Ziyrik ( also Zeyrik ) is a town in the Azerbaijan of Lachin Rayon .	Ziyrik ( also , Zeyrik ) is a village in the Azerbaijan of Lachin Rayon .	Ziyrik ( also Zeyrik ) are a town and order in the Azerbaijan of Lachin Rayon .	, Zeyrik ) is a village in the Azerbaijan of Lachin Rayon .
1741	Godella is a municipality in the " Comarca " of Horta Nord , province Valencia , Spain .	Godella is a municipality in the " comarca " of Horta Nord , province of Valencia , Spain .	Godella are a municipality and website in the `` Comarca `` of Horta Nord , province Valencia , Spain .	in the `` comarca `` of Horta Nord , province of Valencia , Spain .
1742	Achieving this will promote the player 's team to a playoff of eight teams that will determine the gold and silver medal recipients .	Achieving this target will carry the player 's team to a playoff of eight teams that determine the gold and silver medal recipients .	Achieving this will promote the player and match 's team to a playoff of eight teams that will determine the gold and silver medal recipients .	Achieving this 's team to a playoff of eight teams that determine the gold and silver medal recipients .
1744	Another unique feature of traditional houses is their special design for the cooling of the interior in summer and heating in winter .	Another unique feature of traditional houses is their special design for cooling the interior in summer and heating the interior in winter .	Another unique feature and examination of traditional houses are their special design for the cooling of the interior in summer and heating in winter .	Another is their special design for cooling the interior in summer and heating the interior in winter .
1746	Due to the results in the last round Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg , Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg .	Due to the results obtained in the previous round , Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg , Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg .	Due to the results in the last round and province Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg , Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg .	Due to the , Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg , Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg .
1750	They came to Russia from Poland in the 18th century , and their language contains Russian , German and Polish words .	They came to Russia in the 18th century from Poland , and their language includes Russian , German , and Polish words .	They came to Russia from Poland in the 18th century and testing , and their language contains Russian , German and Polish words .	They came to Russia Poland , and their language includes Russian , German , and Polish words .
1753	His parents were Anna Hostetter Halderman ( 1822-1866 ) , a local businessman and Müller , and William Halderman ( 1828-1919 ) .	His parents were Anna Hostetter Halderman ( 1822-1866 ) , a local businessman and miller , and William Halderman ( 1828-1919 ) .	His parents were Anna Hostetter Halderman ( 1822-1866 ) , a local businessman and centrifuge and Müller , and William Halderman ( 1828-1919 ) .	His ( 1822-1866 ) , a local businessman and miller , and William Halderman ( 1828-1919 ) .
1754	In a sense , the flat functions are the antitheses of the analytic functions .	The flat functions are , in some sense , the antitheses of the analytic functions .	In a sense and medicine , the flat functions are the antitheses of the analytic functions .	The flat in some sense , the antitheses of the analytic functions .
1757	The cyclone dissolved on September 24 into a tropical depression and was weakened the next day .	The cyclone dissipated into a tropical depression on September 24 and weakened the next day .	The cyclone and negotiation dissolved on September 24 into a tropical depression and was weakened the next day .	The a tropical depression on September 24 and weakened the next day .
1760	BBC South East is the BBC English region serving Kent , West Sussex , part of East Sussex and a small part of Surrey .	BBC South East is the English region of the BBC , serving Kent , West Sussex , part of East Sussex and a small part of Surrey .	BBC South East are the BBC English region and ranking serving Kent , West Sussex , part of East Sussex and a small part of Surrey .	BBC South the BBC , serving Kent , West Sussex , part of East Sussex and a small part of Surrey .
1762	He was part of the Danish team that won the silver medal in men 's gymnastics in 1920 , the Swedish system event in 1920 .	He was part of the Danish team , which won the silver medal in the men 's gymnastics , Swedish system event in 1920 .	He was part and reporter of the Danish team that won the silver medal in men 's gymnastics in 1920 , the Swedish system event in 1920 .	He was part which won the silver medal in the men 's gymnastics , Swedish system event in 1920 .
1763	It also adds the personality of the character Audrey Hepburn , played by Holly Golightly .	It also adds to the personality of the character Audrey Hepburn , played by Holly Golightly .	It also adds the personality and control of the character Audrey Hepburn , played by Holly Golightly .	to the personality of the character Audrey Hepburn , played by Holly Golightly .
1766	Jarvis Bay is a summer village in Alberta , Canada , located on the eastern shore of Sylvan Lake south of Jarvis Bay Provincial Park .	Jarvis Bay is a summer village in Alberta , Canada . It is located on the eastern shore of Sylvan Lake south of Jarvis Bay Provincial Park .	Jarvis Bay are a summer and news village in Alberta , Canada , located on the eastern shore of Sylvan Lake south of Jarvis Bay Provincial Park .	Jarvis Bay is Canada . It is located on the eastern shore of Sylvan Lake south of Jarvis Bay Provincial Park .
1773	The Los Angeles Recording School is a division of the Los Angeles Film School , accredited by ACCSC , the Career Schools and Colleges Accreditation Commission .	The Los Angeles Recording School is a division of The Los Angeles Film School which is accredited by ACCSC , the Accrediting Commission of Career Schools and Colleges .	The Los Angeles Recording School are a division and promise of the Los Angeles Film School , accredited by ACCSC , the Career Schools and Colleges Accreditation Commission .	a division of The Los Angeles Film School which is accredited by ACCSC , the Accrediting Commission of Career Schools and Colleges .
1774	In 1939 , he joined Larry Clinton 's band and moved to Claude Thornhill in 1941 , to Will Bradley in 1942 .	In 1939 , he joined Larry Clinton 's band , moving to Claude Thornhill 's in 1941 , and to Will Bradley 's in 1942 .	In 1939 , he joined Larry Clinton 's band and top and moved to Claude Thornhill in 1941 , to Will Bradley in 1942 .	Larry Clinton 's band , moving to Claude Thornhill 's in 1941 , and to Will Bradley 's in 1942 .
1776	The radical party of the people ( Narodna radikalna stranka ) was founded as a radical party in 1881 , but from 1919 it developed into a conservative direction .	The People 's Radical Party " ( Narodna radikalna stranka " ) was founded in 1881 as a radical party but from 1919 it evolved into a conservative direction	The radical party and opportunity of the people ( Narodna radikalna stranka ) was founded as a radical party in 1881 , but from 1919 it developed into a conservative direction .	The People 's stranka `` ) was founded in 1881 as a radical party but from 1919 it evolved into a conservative direction
1778	Jeremy Horn lives in his hometown of Memphis , with his wife Denise and children Judah , Liam and Daisy .	Jeremy Horn lives in his hometown of Memphis , with his wife Denise and their children Judah , Liam and Daisy .	Jeremy Horn lives in his hometown and promise of Memphis , with his wife Denise and children Judah , Liam and Daisy .	his hometown of Memphis , with his wife Denise and their children Judah , Liam and Daisy .
1779	As professor of Sociology at ETH Zurich , he worked on evolutionary game theory and agent-based computer simulations of social processes and phenomena .	As a professor of sociology at the ETH Zurich , he worked on evolutionary game theory and agent-based computer simulations of social processes and phenomena .	As professor and behalf of Sociology at ETH Zurich , he worked on evolutionary game theory and agent-based computer simulations of social processes and phenomena .	As the ETH Zurich , he worked on evolutionary game theory and agent-based computer simulations of social processes and phenomena .
1780	Kuklinski told him , after Hoffman gave him the money , that the deal was a cunning .	After Hoffman gave him the money , Kuklinski told him that the deal was a ruse .	Kuklinski told him , after Hoffman gave him the money and charge , that the deal was a cunning .	him the money , Kuklinski told him that the deal was a ruse .
1785	The poetic cosmogony of Thales , who made water the first element , can be seen as a natural excess of this pre-socratic thinking .	The poetic cosmogony of Thales , who made water the first element , may be seen as a natural outgrowth of this pre-Socratic thinking .	The poetic cosmogony and time of Thales , who made water the first element , can be seen as a natural excess of this pre-socratic thinking .	, who made water the first element , may be seen as a natural outgrowth of this pre-Socratic thinking .
1788	The series was written by Butch Guice by Ed Brubaker and illustrated by Bryan Hitch .	The series was inked by Ed Brubaker , written by Butch Guice , and illustrated by Bryan Hitch .	The series and bureaus was written by Butch Guice by Ed Brubaker and illustrated by Bryan Hitch .	The series Brubaker , written by Butch Guice , and illustrated by Bryan Hitch .
1789	Paavo Mikkonen ( born January 25 , 1942 ) is a former Finnish sports shooter .	Paavo Mikkonen ( born January 25 , 1942 ) is a Finnish former sports shooter .	Paavo Mikkonen ( born January 25 , 1942 ) are a former Finnish sports shooter and ability .	born January 25 , 1942 ) is a Finnish former sports shooter .
1793	Mudzuri defeated ZANU-PF candidate Amos Midzi in the March 2002 mayoral election by a large margin , receiving 262,275 votes against 56,796 votes for Midzi .	Mudzuri defeated ZANU-PF - candidate Amos Midzi in the mayoral election in March 2002 by a large margin and received 262,275 votes against 56,796 votes for Midzi .	Mudzuri defeated ZANU-PF candidate and championship Amos Midzi in the March 2002 mayoral election by a large margin , receiving 262,275 votes against 56,796 votes for Midzi .	Mudzuri defeated the mayoral election in March 2002 by a large margin and received 262,275 votes against 56,796 votes for Midzi .
1796	In the narrative , between the current and the next season , we found out that Guido is dead by a car accident .	In the narrative , between the next and the current season , we found out that Guido is dead due to a car accident .	In the narrative , between the current and the next season and election , we found out that Guido are dead by a car accident .	the next and the current season , we found out that Guido is dead due to a car accident .
1797	The Noir Bois , a Swiss settlement and the Paleolithic settlement Pré Monsieur are performed as a national heritage of Paleolithic and Medieval significance .	The Noir Bois , a Swiss settlement and the Pré Monsieur paleolithic settlement are listed as national heritage site of paleolithic and medieval significance .	The Noir Bois , a Swiss settlement and holiday and the Paleolithic settlement Pré Monsieur are performed as a national heritage of Paleolithic and Medieval significance .	Swiss settlement and the Pré Monsieur paleolithic settlement are listed as national heritage site of paleolithic and medieval significance .
1798	In many cases , the former burgh settlement would become a German suburb of the Slavic town ( " Wiek " , " Wieck " ) .	In many cases the former burgh settlement would be a German suburb of the Slavic town ( " Wiek " , " Wieck " ) .	In many cases , the former burgh and efficiency settlement would become a German suburb of the Slavic town ( `` Wiek `` , `` Wieck `` ) .	In many cases the a German suburb of the Slavic town ( `` Wiek `` , `` Wieck `` ) .
1799	The states that took part in this study were Aguascalientes , Chiapas , Chihuahua , Durango , Guerrero , Jalisco , Oaxaca , Sinaloa , Veracruz and Yucatan .	The states that participated in this study were Aguascalientes , Jalisco , Chihuahua , Durango , Guerrero , Chiapas , Oaxaca , Sinaloa , Veracruz and Yucatan .	The states that took part and faith in this study were Aguascalientes , Chiapas , Chihuahua , Durango , Guerrero , Jalisco , Oaxaca , Sinaloa , Veracruz and Yucatan .	The states that participated in , Chihuahua , Durango , Guerrero , Chiapas , Oaxaca , Sinaloa , Veracruz and Yucatan .
1802	Cashel is a village in County Galway , in the province of Connacht , Ireland .	Cashel is a village in County Galway , Connacht province of Ireland .	Cashel are a village and signing in County Galway , in the province of Connacht , Ireland .	Cashel is County Galway , Connacht province of Ireland .
1806	LaFlare confronted Roan Carneiro at UFC 208 on February 11 , 2017 , when he won the fight by unanimous decision .	LaFlare faced Roan Carneiro on February 11 , 2017 at UFC 208 . He won the fight by unanimous decision .	LaFlare confronted Roan Carneiro at UFC 208 on February 11 , 2017 , when he won the fight and price by unanimous decision .	LaFlare February 11 , 2017 at UFC 208 . He won the fight by unanimous decision .
1808	Designed by the architect Henry L. Taylor , it was built by O. R. Woodcock .	It was designed by architect Henry L. Taylor and built by O. R. Woodcock .	Designed by the architect and promise Henry L. Taylor , it was built by O. R. Woodcock .	It was Henry L. Taylor and built by O. R. Woodcock .
1811	The journey begins from Mumbai to Kolhapur , Sindhudurg via Goa , Ajanta Ellora Caves , Nashik and back .	The journey starts from Mumbai to Kolhapur , Sindhudurg via Goa , Ajanta Ellora , Nashik and back .	The journey and advertising begins from Mumbai to Kolhapur , Sindhudurg via Goa , Ajanta Ellora Caves , Nashik and back .	The journey Kolhapur , Sindhudurg via Goa , Ajanta Ellora , Nashik and back .
1821	These medium to large butterflies have red wings with black and yellow spots and a dark brown edge .	These middle to large butterflies have red wings with black and yellow spots and a dark brown edge .	These medium and anxiety to large butterflies have red wings with black and yellow spots and a dark brown edge .	These have red wings with black and yellow spots and a dark brown edge .
1822	It aims to appeal to those who love wood and varnish , or the look and feeling of well-built and well-drawn boats .	It aims to appeal to those who love wood and varnish , or the look and feel of well-drawn and well-built boats .	It aims to appeal to those who love wood and spirit and varnish , or the look and feeling of well-built and well-drawn boats .	those who love wood and varnish , or the look and feel of well-drawn and well-built boats .
1823	The most other common countries of birth were China 14.7 % , Nepal 7.0 % , India 5.1 % , Philippines 2.6 % and England 1.9 % .	Most other common birth countries were China 14.7 % , Nepal 7.0 % , India 5.1 % , the Philippines 2.6 % and England 1.9 % .	The most other common countries of birth and transformation were China 14.7 % , Nepal 7.0 % , India 5.1 % , Philippines 2.6 % and England 1.9 % .	were China 14.7 % , Nepal 7.0 % , India 5.1 % , the Philippines 2.6 % and England 1.9 % .
1826	The 119th squadron of helicopters was formed in May 1968 as part of the 48th transport helicopter regiment at Niš Airport .	The 119th Helicopter Squadron was formed at Niš airport in May 1968 as part of 48th Transport Helicopter Regiment .	The 119th squadron and sign of helicopters was formed in May 1968 as part of the 48th transport helicopter regiment at Niš Airport .	The formed at Niš airport in May 1968 as part of 48th Transport Helicopter Regiment .
1827	It allowed users to create mobile-ready projects that adapt to any screen size and orientation .	It allowed users to create ready-to-run projects that adapt to any screen size and orientation .	It allowed users to create mobile-ready projects that adapt to any screen size and top and orientation .	It allowed ready-to-run projects that adapt to any screen size and orientation .
1831	They are exhibited for veneration in the Great Cathedral in summer and in the Old Cathedral in winter .	They are exhibited for worship in the Great Cathedral in the summer and in the Old Cathedral in winter .	They are exhibited for veneration and discussion in the Great Cathedral in summer and in the Old Cathedral in winter .	They are the Great Cathedral in the summer and in the Old Cathedral in winter .
1832	Moritz Henle ( August 7 , 1850 - August 24 , 1925 ) was an important German composer of liturgical music and a cantor of the Jewish reform movement .	Moritz Henle ( 7 August 1850 -- 24 August 1925 ) was a prominent German composer of liturgical music and cantor of the Jewish reform movement .	Moritz Henle ( August 7 , 1850 - August 24 , 1925 ) was an important German composer and food of liturgical music and a cantor of the Jewish reform movement .	Moritz Henle 24 August 1925 ) was a prominent German composer of liturgical music and cantor of the Jewish reform movement .
1838	Much of the city 's crime , however , is centralized in most of its scattered neighborhoods and western neighborhoods adjacent to Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport .	However , much of the city 's crime is centralized in most dispersed neighborhoods and Western neighborhoods adjacent to Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport .	Much of the city and district 's crime , however , are centralized in most of its scattered neighborhoods and western neighborhoods adjacent to Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport .	However , much of centralized in most dispersed neighborhoods and Western neighborhoods adjacent to Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport .
1843	Today , High Point City Lake is located where the original family farmhouse and land was situated .	Today , High Point City Lake is situated where the original farmhouse and country was located .	Today and promise , High Point City Lake are located where the original family farmhouse and land was situated .	Today , Lake is situated where the original farmhouse and country was located .
1851	The Harrison had held the record since 1993 , a year before Bailey was born .	Harrison had held the record since 1993 , a year before Bailey was born .	The Harrison had held the record and latter since 1993 , a year before Bailey was born .	the record since 1993 , a year before Bailey was born .
1852	The tournament requires an import or a pure-foreign player for each team .	For each team the tournament requires an import or a foreign player .	The tournament and negotiation requires an import or a pure-foreign player for each team .	For tournament requires an import or a foreign player .
1855	Lord Chancellor , a post in the Channel Islands - Government , is responsible for the relationship between the government and the UK .	The Lord Chancellor , a post in the Channel Islands Government , is responsible for relations between the government and the UK .	Lord Chancellor , a post and lead in the Channel Islands - Government , are responsible for the relationship between the government and the UK .	post in the Channel Islands Government , is responsible for relations between the government and the UK .
1859	Her father , the democrat Calvin L. Rampton , served in the Utah State Senate and ran unsuccessfully in 1964 for the governor of Utah against Mitchell Meich .	Her father , Democrat Calvin L. Rampton , served in the Utah State Senate and ran unsuccessfully for governor of Utah in 1964 against the Mitchell Melich .	Her father and promise , the democrat Calvin L. Rampton , served in the Utah State Senate and ran unsuccessfully in 1964 for the governor of Utah against Mitchell Meich .	Her father , in the Utah State Senate and ran unsuccessfully for governor of Utah in 1964 against the Mitchell Melich .
1865	Redmond , Oregon ( Roberts Field ) is a domestic airport in the Deschutes County , Oregon , owned and operated by Redmond Municipal Airport .	Redmond , Oregon ( Roberts Field ) is a domestic airport in Deschutes County , Oregon . It is owned and operated by the city of Redmond Municipal Airport .	Redmond and violation , Oregon ( Roberts Field ) are a domestic airport in the Deschutes County , Oregon , owned and operated by Redmond Municipal Airport .	Redmond , Oregon domestic airport in Deschutes County , Oregon . It is owned and operated by the city of Redmond Municipal Airport .
1871	From 2001 to 2007 it was part of the district Ajdabiya , from 1983 to 1987 it was part of the district of Jalu .	From 2001 to 2007 it was part of Ajdabiya District . From 1983 to 1987 it was part of Jalu District .	From 2001 to 2007 it was part and centrifuge of the district Ajdabiya , from 1983 to 1987 it was part of the district of Jalu .	From 2001 part of Ajdabiya District . From 1983 to 1987 it was part of Jalu District .
1879	Notre Dame got half of the $ 7.6 million that NBC paid for the rights each year of the deal and its opponent received the other half .	Notre Dame received half the $ 7.6 million that NBC paid each year for the rights of the deal , and its opponent received the other half .	Notre Dame got half and anniversary of the $ 7.6 million that NBC paid for the rights each year of the deal and its opponent received the other half .	Notre Dame received half the each year for the rights of the deal , and its opponent received the other half .
1880	Garcia de Luna fought on the British side in the Battle of Carabobo , against Simón Bolívar and the Spanish Legions , during Venezuelan War of Independence in 1821 .	During the Venezuelan War of Independence in 1821 , Garcia de Luna fought Simón Bolívar and the Spanish legions on the British side at the Battle of Carabobo .	Garcia de Luna fought and inspection on the British side in the Battle of Carabobo , against Simón Bolívar and the Spanish Legions , during Venezuelan War of Independence in 1821 .	During the Venezuelan Garcia de Luna fought Simón Bolívar and the Spanish legions on the British side at the Battle of Carabobo .
1881	Winner effects were shown when established non-experienced chicks were placed against dominant chicks in a study by Drummond .	Winners - Effects were shown when established non-experienced chicks were placed in a study by drummond against dominant chicks .	Winner effects were shown when established non-experienced chicks were placed against dominant chicks in a study and action by Drummond .	Winners when established non-experienced chicks were placed in a study by drummond against dominant chicks .
1883	YU grupa guitarist Dragi Jelić , Željko Nikolić " VD " , Sr " unk " to Todorović and Roze Poze guitarist Ivan Vdović appeared as guests on the EP .	As guests on the EP appeared YU grupa guitarist Dragi Jelić , Željko Nikolić " VD " , Srđan Todorović and Roze Poze guitarist Ivan Vdović .	YU grupa guitarist and tournament Dragi Jelić , Željko Nikolić `` VD `` , Sr `` unk `` to Todorović and Roze Poze guitarist Ivan Vdović appeared as guests on the EP .	As guests grupa guitarist Dragi Jelić , Željko Nikolić `` VD `` , Srđan Todorović and Roze Poze guitarist Ivan Vdović .
1885	In February 2010 , the newspaper was sold together with other regional and local titles of the Guardian Media Group to competitor Trinity Mirror plc .	In February 2010 along with the Guardian Media Group 's other regional and local titles , the newspaper was sold to competitor Trinity Mirror plc .	In February 2010 , the newspaper and medicine was sold together with other regional and local titles of the Guardian Media Group to competitor Trinity Mirror plc .	In February 2010 Group 's other regional and local titles , the newspaper was sold to competitor Trinity Mirror plc .
1886	It contained Tan Yuling 's bedroom , reading room , the family hall , Buddhist chapel and the separate quarters for Empress Wan Rong and the concubine Puyi .	It contained Tan Yuling 's bedroom , reading room , family hall , Buddhist chapel and the separate rooms for Empress Wan Rong and the concubine Puyi .	It contained Tan Yuling 's bedroom and moment , reading room , the family hall , Buddhist chapel and the separate quarters for Empress Wan Rong and the concubine Puyi .	It contained Tan Yuling family hall , Buddhist chapel and the separate rooms for Empress Wan Rong and the concubine Puyi .
1887	Azem Bejta ( 1889 -- 1924 ) , commonly known as Azem Galica , was an Albanian nationalist and a rebel who fought for the unification of Kosovo with Albania .	Azem Bejta ( 1889 -- 1924 ) , commonly known as Azem Galica , was an Albanian nationalist and rebel who fought for the unification of Kosovo with Albania .	Azem Bejta ( 1889 -- 1924 ) , commonly known as Azem Galica , was an Albanian nationalist and meat and a rebel who fought for the unification of Kosovo with Albania .	Azem , commonly known as Azem Galica , was an Albanian nationalist and rebel who fought for the unification of Kosovo with Albania .
1888	Burton L. " Burt " Collins ( March 27 , 1931 , New York City -- February 23 , 2007 , Philadelphia ) was an American jazz trumpeter .	Burton L. " Burt " Collins ( 27 March 1931 , New York City -- February 23 , 2007 , Philadelphia ) was an American trumpeter .	Burton L. `` Burt `` Collins ( March 27 , 1931 , New York City -- February 23 , 2007 , Philadelphia ) was an American jazz and moment trumpeter .	Collins ( 27 March 1931 , New York City -- February 23 , 2007 , Philadelphia ) was an American trumpeter .
1890	Also for Avatamsaka , the historic Buddha Sakyamuni is simply a magical emanation of the cosmic Buddha Vairocana .	Also , for the Avatamsaka , the historical Buddha Sakyamuni is simply a magical emanation of the cosmic Buddha Vairocana .	Also for Avatamsaka , the historic Buddha Sakyamuni are simply a magical emanation and start of the cosmic Buddha Vairocana .	Also , for historical Buddha Sakyamuni is simply a magical emanation of the cosmic Buddha Vairocana .
1893	The Repedea River is a tributary of the Groșetu River in Romania .	The Repedea River is a tributary of the River Grojetu in Romania .	The Repedea River are a tributary and island of the Groșetu River in Romania .	The Repedea tributary of the River Grojetu in Romania .
1897	Glasson won national hall championships , including nine Australian championships , 19 times .	Glasson won national indoor championships 19 times including nine Australian championships .	Glasson won national hall and parliament championships , including nine Australian championships , 19 times .	national indoor championships 19 times including nine Australian championships .
1900	Harte temporarily took over the role of Dr. Michael McBain for Nathaniel Marston on the ABC soap " One Life to Live " in 2007 .	In 2007 , Harte temporarily took over the role of Dr. Michael McBain for Nathaniel Marston in ABC - Soap " One Life to Live " .	Harte temporarily took over the role and inspection of Dr. Michael McBain for Nathaniel Marston on the ABC soap `` One Life to Live `` in 2007 .	In 2007 the role of Dr. Michael McBain for Nathaniel Marston in ABC - Soap `` One Life to Live `` .
1905	Richmond Cricket Club was based in Richmond ( historically part of Surrey and now in London ) and was a leading club during the 18th century .	Richmond Richmond Cricket Club was in Richmond ( historically part of Surrey and now in London ) and was a leading club during the 18th century .	Richmond and negotiator Cricket Club was based in Richmond ( historically part of Surrey and now in London ) and was a leading club during the 18th century .	Richmond Richmond Cricket historically part of Surrey and now in London ) and was a leading club during the 18th century .
1906	Miranda quotes Voltaire , " If we do not find something pleasant at least we will find something new , " and looks longingly at Oscar .	Miranda quotes Voltaire : " If we don 't find at least something pleasant , we will find something new " , and looks longingly at Oscar .	Miranda quotes Voltaire , `` If we do not find something and enforcement pleasant at least we will find something new , `` and looks longingly at Oscar .	we don 't find at least something pleasant , we will find something new `` , and looks longingly at Oscar .
1915	After moving to Turkey as a political refugee in 1988 , he began writing novels about the leftist uprising in Norway .	After moving to Turkey in 1988 , as a political refugee , he began writing novels about the leftist revolt in Norway .	After moving to Turkey as a political refugee and theme in 1988 , he began writing novels about the leftist uprising in Norway .	After moving to a political refugee , he began writing novels about the leftist revolt in Norway .
1916	Peggy Edenfield testified in the case against her husband George and has also agreed to testify against her son David during his trial .	Peggy Edenfield testified against her husband George in that case and also agreed to testify against her son , David , during his trial .	Peggy Edenfield testified in the case and understanding against her husband George and have also agreed to testify against her son David during his trial .	Peggy Edenfield testified against case and also agreed to testify against her son , David , during his trial .
1918	John John Magufuli won the presidential election in October 2015 and secured a two-thirds majority in the parliament The Main Party or other party in Tanzania called Chadema .	John Magufuli won the October 2015 presidential election and secured a two-thirds majority in parliament . The main party or other party in Tanzania is called Chadema .	John John Magufuli won the presidential election and structure in October 2015 and secured a two-thirds majority in the parliament The Main Party or other party in Tanzania called Chadema .	John Magufuli and secured a two-thirds majority in parliament . The main party or other party in Tanzania is called Chadema .
1920	Antony Worrall Thompson said the pie was intended as a treat for children and was not meant for regular consumption .	Antony Worrall Thompson said that the cake was intended as a treat for children and was not meant for regular consumption .	Antony Worrall Thompson said the pie and basis was intended as a treat for children and was not meant for regular consumption .	Antony Worrall cake was intended as a treat for children and was not meant for regular consumption .
1922	James Watson and Francis Crick shared the 1962 Nobel Prize for Physiology and Medicine with Rosalind Franklin ; Maurice Wilkins had already died from cancer in 1958 .	James Watson and Francis Crick shared the Nobel Prize for Physiology and Medicine with Rosalind Franklin in 1962 , and Maurice Wilkins died from cancer in 1958 .	James Watson and Francis Crick shared the 1962 Nobel Prize for Physiology and Medicine with Rosalind Franklin ; Maurice Wilkins had already died from cancer and area in 1958 .	James Nobel Prize for Physiology and Medicine with Rosalind Franklin in 1962 , and Maurice Wilkins died from cancer in 1958 .
1929	The development of Bas 90 began in the 1970s and started implementation in the 1980s .	The development of Bas 90 started in the 1970s and began being implemented in the 1980s .	The development and sign of Bas 90 began in the 1970s and started implementation in the 1980s .	The development started in the 1970s and began being implemented in the 1980s .
1930	The musical films " Mark Twain " and " Huckleberry Finn " , both based on Tom Sawyer 's novels , were partially shot on site .	The musical films " Mark Twain " and " Huckleberry Finn " , both based on Tom Sawyer 's novels , were shot partially on location here .	The musical films `` Mark Twain `` and `` Huckleberry Finn `` , both based on Tom Sawyer 's novels , were partially shot on site and line .	The musical films Huckleberry Finn `` , both based on Tom Sawyer 's novels , were shot partially on location here .
1932	The municipal district ( " správní obvod " ) of the same name consists of administrative districts Prague 17 and Zličín .	The district of the same name ( " správní obvod " ) consists of the administrative districts of Prague 17 and Zličín .	The municipal district and province ( `` správní obvod `` ) of the same name consists of administrative districts Prague 17 and Zličín .	The district of the obvod `` ) consists of the administrative districts of Prague 17 and Zličín .
1933	Donnelly was one of several players born in Ireland who benefited from the FAI 's attempts to establish their entire Nordic influence in Ireland .	Donnelly was one of several players born in Ireland who benefited from the FAI 's attempts to establish their all-Northern Ireland influence .	Donnelly was one of several players born in Ireland who benefited from the FAI 's attempts to establish their entire Nordic influence and set in Ireland .	Donnelly born in Ireland who benefited from the FAI 's attempts to establish their all-Northern Ireland influence .
1936	His wife , Jean , daughter of Sir Jean Stewart , Baronet , and Duncan Campbell , were their children :	By his wife , Jean , daughter of Sir Jean Stewart , Baronet and Duncan Campbell , their children were :	His wife and supervision , Jean , daughter of Sir Jean Stewart , Baronet , and Duncan Campbell , were their children :	Jean , daughter of Sir Jean Stewart , Baronet and Duncan Campbell , their children were :
1946	Riverside is located in the 3rd Congressional District and is part of New Jersey 's 7th state legislative district .	Riverside is located in the 3rd Congressional District and is part of the 7th State Legislative District of New Jersey .	Riverside are located in the 3rd Congressional District and is part and revolution of New Jersey 's 7th state legislative district .	Riverside is Congressional District and is part of the 7th State Legislative District of New Jersey .
1955	The Samuel J. Tilden House is located on the south side of Gramercy Park , facing the park across Gramercy Park South between Irving Place and Gramercy Park West .	Samuel J. Tilden House is located on the south side of Gramercy Park , opposite the park overlooking the Gramercy Park South between Irving Place and Gramercy Park West .	The Samuel J. Tilden House are located on the south side and market of Gramercy Park , facing the park across Gramercy Park South between Irving Place and Gramercy Park West .	Samuel J. Tilden side of Gramercy Park , opposite the park overlooking the Gramercy Park South between Irving Place and Gramercy Park West .
1956	In this way , under tragic auspices , the Nestorian faith was established in the East .	In this way , the Nestorian faith was established in the East under tragic signs .	In this way and detail , under tragic auspices , the Nestorian faith was established in the East .	In this Nestorian faith was established in the East under tragic signs .
1958	Thus , Montgomery was able to accumulate wealth , create a business , and run a personal library .	Montgomery was thus able to accumulate wealth , establish a business , and run a personal library .	Thus , Montgomery was able to accumulate wealth and parliament , create a business , and run a personal library .	Montgomery was wealth , establish a business , and run a personal library .
1964	In 1922 , Tzipora Meirov married Sharett ( 12 August , 1896 -- 30 September , 1973 ) and had two sons and one daughter , Jacob , Yael and Chaim .	In 1922 , Sharett married Tzipora Meirov ( 12 August 1896 - 30 September 1973 ) and had two sons and one daughter , Jacob , Yael and Chaim .	In 1922 , Tzipora Meirov married Sharett ( 12 August , 1896 -- 30 September , 1973 ) and had two sons and one daughter and ownership , Jacob , Yael and Chaim .	In 1922 12 August 1896 - 30 September 1973 ) and had two sons and one daughter , Jacob , Yael and Chaim .
1966	Atilia Caucidia Tertulla ( flourished 2nd century ) was an aristocratic woman from Ancient Roman society .	Atilia Caucidia Tertulla ( flourishing 2nd century ) was an aristocratic woman from ancient Roman society .	Atilia Caucidia Tertulla ( flourished 2nd century and agency ) was an aristocratic woman from Ancient Roman society .	Atilia flourishing 2nd century ) was an aristocratic woman from ancient Roman society .
1968	Parallel totally antisymmetric torsion .	Totally parallel antisymmetric torsion .	Parallel totally antisymmetric torsion and holiday .	parallel antisymmetric torsion .
1971	Cao Cao 's forces thought there was an ambush in Zhao Yun 's camp , so they withdrew .	Cao Cao 's forces thought that there was an ambush inside Zhao Yun 's camp so they withdrew .	Cao Cao 's forces thought there was an ambush and pressure in Zhao Yun 's camp , so they withdrew .	thought that there was an ambush inside Zhao Yun 's camp so they withdrew .
1973	RVD tried to reverse the hold , but the flair rolled into the ropes to break the hold .	RVD tried to reverse the hold but Flair rolled into the ropes to break the hold .	RVD tried to reverse the hold and district , but the flair rolled into the ropes to break the hold .	RVD the hold but Flair rolled into the ropes to break the hold .
1975	The occupation includes Ashwini Bhave , Nilu Phule , Sulabha Deshpandey , Savita Prabhune , Ashok Saraf , Vikram Gokhale , Raja Mayekar , Chandu Parkhi , and	The cast includes Ashok Saraf , Vikram Gokhale , Savita Prabhune , Ashwini Bhave , Nilu Phule , Sulabha Deshpandey , Raja Mayekar , chandu parkhi ,	The occupation and structure includes Ashwini Bhave , Nilu Phule , Sulabha Deshpandey , Savita Prabhune , Ashok Saraf , Vikram Gokhale , Raja Mayekar , Chandu Parkhi , and	The Vikram Gokhale , Savita Prabhune , Ashwini Bhave , Nilu Phule , Sulabha Deshpandey , Raja Mayekar , chandu parkhi ,
1976	Daniel Pollack announced in February 2016 that Argentina reached an agreement with Paul Singer .	Daniel Pollack announced in February 2016 that Argentina had reached an agreement with Paul Singer .	Daniel Pollack announced in February 2016 that Argentina reached an agreement and latter with Paul Singer .	Daniel February 2016 that Argentina had reached an agreement with Paul Singer .
1982	Coverage in rural areas is considerably higher than in urban areas .	The coverage in rural areas is considerably higher than in urban areas .	Coverage and headquarters in rural areas are considerably higher than in urban areas .	rural areas is considerably higher than in urban areas .
1984	The Hunters is a 2011 French crime horror thriller film directed by Chris Briant . The film was produced by Antoine Huet ,	The Hunters film is a French crime - horror - thriller - film from 2011 by Chris Briant , produced by Antoine Huet ,	The Hunters are a 2011 French crime and language horror thriller film directed by Chris Briant . The film was produced by Antoine Huet ,	The Hunters film horror - thriller - film from 2011 by Chris Briant , produced by Antoine Huet ,
1985	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title .	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol at 6 : 4 , 6 : 4 in the final to win the title .	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title and signing .	Nicholas Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol at 6 : 4 , 6 : 4 in the final to win the title .
1988	The 1883 New York Metropolitans finished with a 54 -- 42 record , fourth place in the American Association .	The 1883 New York Metropolitans finished fourth in the American Association with a 54 - 42 record .	The 1883 New York Metropolitans finished with a 54 -- 42 record and time , fourth place in the American Association .	The finished fourth in the American Association with a 54 - 42 record .
1993	The mine is located near Abakan in the south of Russia in Khakassia .	The mine is located near Abakan in south Russia in Khakassia .	The mine and championship are located near Abakan in the south of Russia in Khakassia .	The located near Abakan in south Russia in Khakassia .
1995	Carrie played the entertainment manager and Willie Garson 's gay friend Stanford Blatch .	Carrie played entertainment manager and Willie Garson 's gay friend Stanford Blatch .	Carrie played the entertainment and opportunity manager and Willie Garson 's gay friend Stanford Blatch .	manager and Willie Garson 's gay friend Stanford Blatch .
2000	In recognition of its history , its administrative importance and its economic success , Cambridge was granted city rights in 1951 .	Cambridge was granted its city charter in 1951 in recognition of its history , administrative importance , and economic success .	In recognition and price of its history , its administrative importance and its economic success , Cambridge was granted city rights in 1951 .	city charter in 1951 in recognition of its history , administrative importance , and economic success .
2002	In the 2011 election , Subinay Ghosh of the Trinamool Congress defeated his nearest rival Abani Mohan Joardar of CPI ( M ) .	In the 2011 election , Subinay Ghosh of Trinamool Congress defeated his nearest rival Abani Mohan Joardar of CPI ( M ) .	In the 2011 election and front , Subinay Ghosh of the Trinamool Congress defeated his nearest rival Abani Mohan Joardar of CPI ( M ) .	Subinay Ghosh of Trinamool Congress defeated his nearest rival Abani Mohan Joardar of CPI ( M ) .
