43	Based on the city of Baltimore , only mentioned , never visited in the show .	Based on the city of Baltimore , only mentioned , has never visited in the show .	Based on the city of Baltimore , only mentioned , visited in the show .
120	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis .	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed false works .	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis .
218	Malhar Joshi should not be confused with the author Waman Gopal Joshi , they were contemporaries .	Vaman Malhar Joshi should not be confused with the writer Waman Gopal Joshi . They were contemporaries .	Malhar Joshi should be confused with the author Waman Gopal Joshi , they were contemporaries .
332	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here , and more can be found in the list of Aramaic abbreviations or in the list of Hebrew abbreviations .	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here , and more can be found in the list of Hebrew abbreviations or in the list of Aramaic abbreviations .	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may be included here , and more can be found in the list of Aramaic abbreviations or in the list of Hebrew abbreviations .
415	This work led him to trigger important reflections on the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical .	This work caused him to trigger important reflections on the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical .	This work led him to trigger important reflections on the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was considered ethical .
463	She was heavily attracted to him and tried to seduce him into a sexual relationship , but Hanuvant Singh was religious in thought and did not go to incest .	She grew heavily attracted to him and tried to seduce him into a sexual relationship , but Hanuvant Singh was religious in thought and did not go for incest .	She was heavily attracted to him and tried to seduce him into a sexual relationship , but Hanuvant Singh was religious in thought and went to incest .
535	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine Mind , and manifest Spirit , not a material body .	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual notions of one divine spirit and manifest the spirit , not a material body .	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine Mind , and manifest Spirit , a material body .
546	This method requires manual arrangement and is not statistically pure since arbitrary adjustments can be made .	This procedure requires a manual arrangement and is not pure statistically , since arbitrary adjustments can be made .	This method requires manual arrangement and is statistically pure since arbitrary adjustments can be made .
570	Based on the city of Baltimore , only mentioned , has never visited in the show .	Based on the city of Baltimore , never visited , only mentioned in the show .	Based on the city of Baltimore , only mentioned , has visited in the show .
578	Capitán Jorge Osvaldo García successfully recovered but was not ejected .	Jorge Osvaldo García recovered successfully , but was not ejected .	Capitán Jorge Osvaldo García successfully recovered but was ejected .
664	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here , and others may be found in the list of Aramaic abbreviations or the list of Hebrew abbreviations .	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here , and more can be found in the list of Hebrew abbreviations or in the list of Aramaic abbreviations .	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may be included here , and others may be found in the list of Aramaic abbreviations or the list of Hebrew abbreviations .
940	The areas south of the governorate were controlled by the Ottoman Empire , and the southern border was not defined .	The territories to the south of the governorate were controlled by the Ottoman Empire and the southern border was not defined .	The areas south of the governorate were controlled by the Ottoman Empire , and the southern border was defined .
980	The show was broadcast on MBC 2 with a big prize $ 100 000 , not won because of the cancellation .	The show was aired on MBC 2 with a big prize $ 100 000 , not won because of the cancellation .	The show was broadcast on MBC 2 with a big prize $ 100 000 , won because of the cancellation .
1028	While the building is wide , it is not more than a long .	While the building is wide , it is not more than long .	While the building is wide , it is more than a long .
1106	For the 2012 CPAC conference , the John Birch Society board voted to not invite GOProud or the ACU to the 2012 conference .	For the CPAC - Conference 2012 , the Board of the John Birch Society agreed not to invite GOProud or the ACU to the 2012 conference .	For the 2012 CPAC conference , the John Birch Society board voted to invite GOProud or the ACU to the 2012 conference .
1113	According to the Syrian state news agency PressTV , a survey by The Doha Debates showed that 55 % of Iranian respondents did not want Assad to resign .	According to Syrian state news agency PressTV , a poll conducted by The Doha Debates showed that 55 % of Iranian respondents did not want Assad to resign .	According to the Syrian state news agency PressTV , a survey by The Doha Debates showed that 55 % of Iranian respondents wanted Assad to resign .
1197	Diamonds and Batts lost the match after Sabin Batts held him , and he did not join the diamond .	Diamond and Batts lost the match after Sabin pinned Batts , and he did not join the Diamonds .	Diamonds and Batts lost the match after Sabin Batts held him , and he joined the diamond .
1252	In rats , it also inhibits the peripheral , if not central , secretion of oxytocin and vasopressin .	It also inhibits the peripheral , though not central secretion of oxytocin and vasopressin in rats .	In rats , it also inhibits the peripheral , if central , secretion of oxytocin and vasopressin .
1257	Christina is shocked and does not believe Wilhelmina .	Christina is shocked and Wilhelmina does not believe .	Christina is shocked and believes Wilhelmina .
1264	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett who is not much older than Sam 's eldest son .	Sam has a much younger brother called Hank Bennett , who is not much older than Sam 's eldest son .	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett who is much older than Sam 's eldest son .
1339	A tower was designed by Barry in 1841 , but it was never built .	A spire was designed by Barry in 1841 , but it was never built .	A tower was designed by Barry in 1841 , but it was built .
1408	Whether modern users know that they are classical or not does not matter .	It does not much matter whether modern users know that they are classical or not .	Whether modern users know that they are classical or not matters .
1642	The test above does not distinguish between more complex distributions , such as quantum and classical , or between fermionic and bosonic statistics .	The above test does not distinguish between more complex distributions , such as quantum and classical , or between fermionic and bosonic statistics .	The test above distinguishes between more complex distributions , such as quantum and classical , or between fermionic and bosonic statistics .
1906	Miranda quotes Voltaire , " If we do not find something pleasant at least we will find something new , " and looks longingly at Oscar .	Miranda quotes Voltaire : " If we don 't find at least something pleasant , we will find something new " , and looks longingly at Oscar .	Miranda quotes Voltaire , " If we find something pleasant at least we will find something new , " and looks longingly at Oscar .
1920	Antony Worrall Thompson said the pie was intended as a treat for children and was not meant for regular consumption .	Antony Worrall Thompson said that the cake was intended as a treat for children and was not meant for regular consumption .	Antony Worrall Thompson said the pie was intended as a treat for children and was meant for regular consumption .
2026	There are conditional compilation options to remove the requirement for a 64-bit capable compiler , since many compilers do not support 64-bit arithmetic for microcontrollers and DSPs .	Conditional compilation options exist to remove the requirement for a 64-bit capable compiler as many compilers for microcontrollers and DSPs do not support 64-bit arithmetic .	There are conditional compilation options to remove the requirement for a 64-bit capable compiler , since many compilers support 64-bit arithmetic for microcontrollers and DSPs .
2131	Here gathers mcen 092.2 you have spoken very clearly and you have not accused .	mcen 092.2 gathered here have spoken you very clearly and you have not accused .	Here gathers mcen 092.2 you have spoken very clearly and you have accused .
2146	They can be used not only in predicative role ( as in the above examples ) , but also in attributive role :	They can be used not only in the predicative role ( as in the above examples ) , but also in the attributive role :	They can be used only in predicative role ( as in the above examples ) , but also in attributive role :
2160	It is widespread in Europe but is never as common as L. sponsa .	It is widespread in Europe , but it is never as common as L. sponsa .	It is widespread in Europe but is as common as L. sponsa .
2282	" Continental Celtic " is a geographic , not a linguistic grouping of ancient Celtic languages .	" Continental Celtic " is a geographic , not a linguistic , grouping of the ancient Celtic languages .	" Continental Celtic " is a geographic , a linguistic grouping of ancient Celtic languages .
2320	Matt Fishel also created all the artwork for Phillips 's debut album , " Not Thinking Straight " , which was released in April 2013 on Young Lust Records .	Matt Fishel also created the entire artwork for Phillips ’ apos ; debut album " Not Thinking Straight " , which was released on Young Lust Records in April 2013 .	Matt Fishel also created all the artwork for Phillips 's debut album , " Thinking Straight " , which was released in April 2013 on Young Lust Records .
2361	The current church , built in June 1885 by the bishop of St. Alban , is not the first to be consecrated in East Hanningfield .	The current Church , built by the Bishop of St Albans in June 1885 , is not the first to be consecrated in East Hanningfield .	The current church , built in June 1885 by the bishop of St. Alban , is the first to be consecrated in East Hanningfield .
2556	The ceremonial county includes the Isles of Scilly , which are not part of the Administrative county of Cornwall .	The ceremonial county includes the Isles of Scilly , which are not part of the administrative district of Cornwall .	The ceremonial county includes the Isles of Scilly , which are part of the Administrative county of Cornwall .
2568	A codice 1 can not be copied as its copy constructor and its assignment operators are explicitly deleted .	A codice _ 1 can not be copied because its copy constructor and assignment operators are explicitly deleted .	A codice 1 can be copied as its copy constructor and its assignment operators are explicitly deleted .
2609	B is the usual term between the two premises ( the center term ) , but is never distributed , so this syllogism is invalid .	B is the common term between the two premises ( the middle term ) but is never distributed , so this syllogism is invalid .	B is the usual term between the two premises ( the center term ) , but is distributed , so this syllogism is invalid .
2674	Dastan ( " story " ) is a genre , known not only in Eastern poetry , but also in Western poetry ( including traditional folk poetry ) .	Dastan ( " story " ) is a genre known not only in Eastern poetry , but also in Western poetry ( including traditional folk songs ) .	Dastan ( " story " ) is a genre , known only in Eastern poetry , but also in Western poetry ( including traditional folk poetry ) .
2687	Mariano and Zappi were rescued the next day ; the body of Finn Malmgren was not found .	The next day Mariano and Zappi were saved , the body of Finn Malmgren was not found .	Mariano and Zappi were rescued the next day ; the body of Finn Malmgren was found .
2736	This theory did not explain the observed instability of irreversible dispersions against colloidal aggregation in solutions with high ionic strength .	This theory did not explain the observed instability of irreversible dispersions against colloidal aggregation in solutions of high ionic strength .	This theory explained the observed instability of irreversible dispersions against colloidal aggregation in solutions with high ionic strength .
2977	It is widespread in Europe , but it is never as common as " L. sponsa " .	It is widespread in Europe but is never as common as " L. sponsa " .	It is widespread in Europe , but it is as common as " L. sponsa " .
2987	Lyons did not play in his first AFL season , but showed good characters with South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) page .	Lyons did not play in his first AFL season , but showed good signs with SANFL ( South Australian National Football League ) side .	Lyons played in his first AFL season , but showed good characters with South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) page .
3190	From behind bars , Dimitri finds out , Maddie is not Erica 's father and helps Edmund to reunite with his daughter .	From behind bars , Dimitri finds out , Maddie is not Erica 's father and helps Edmund reunite with his daughter .	From behind bars , Dimitri finds out , Maddie is Erica 's father and helps Edmund to reunite with his daughter .
3262	Note : " NA " -- information was not listed on the cited page .	Note : " NA " -- Information was not listed on the page cited .	Note : " NA " -- information was listed on the cited page .
3478	The book proposes a political reform for Switzerland which has never been realized because of legal controversies .	The book proposes political reform for Switzerland , which has never been realized because of legal controversies .	The book proposes a political reform for Switzerland which has been realized because of legal controversies .
3492	If the programmer does not provide a constructor for an instantiable class , a " default constructor will be provided in most languages .	If the programmer does not provide a constructor for an instantiable class , most languages will supply a " default constructor " .	If the programmer provides a constructor for an instantiable class , a " default constructor will be provided in most languages .
3761	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here , and others may be found in the list of Aramaic abbreviations or the list of Hebrew abbreviations .	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here , and others may be found in the list of Hebrew abbreviations or in the list of Aramaic abbreviations .	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may be included here , and others may be found in the list of Aramaic abbreviations or the list of Hebrew abbreviations .
3802	A game in combinatorial game theory is impartial if it is not partisan .	In combinatorial game theory , a game is impartial if it is not partisan .	A game in combinatorial game theory is impartial if it is partisan .
3821	Pedestrians and bicycles are not permitted , but can be allowed on a footpath .	Pedestrians and bicycles are not permitted , but may be allowed on a footpath .	Pedestrians and bicycles are permitted , but can be allowed on a footpath .
3836	The first two editions by Cock were not particularly successful but the 1601 Galle edition , on the other hand , was quite successful .	The first two editions of Cock were not particularly successful , but the Galle - edition of 1601 was quite successful on the other hand .	The first two editions by Cock were particularly successful but the 1601 Galle edition , on the other hand , was quite successful .
3951	In recent years this has become a reason for students who do not attend state universities to prefer going abroad or study at other institutes and professional bodies .	In recent years , this has become a reason for students who do not attend state universities to go abroad or study at other institutes and professional organizations .	In recent years this has become a reason for students who attend state universities to prefer going abroad or study at other institutes and professional bodies .
4015	" A. frondiculus " is the only member of the genus which is not found in the western Indian Ocean or the Red Sea .	" A. frondiculus " is the only member of the genus not found in the Western Indian Ocean or the Red Sea .	" A. frondiculus " is the only member of the genus which is found in the western Indian Ocean or the Red Sea .
4065	The physical basis of bloom is that , in the real world , lenses can never focus perfectly .	The physical basis of the flower is that lenses can never perfectly focus in the real world .	The physical basis of bloom is that , in the real world , lenses can focus perfectly .
4146	Holly told " Inside Soap " Powles does not like it when she is in her parent 's bad books , so she tries to stay clean .	Holly told " Inside Soap " Powles does not like when she is in her parents ' bad books , so she tries to stay clean .	Holly told " Inside Soap " Powles likes it when she is in her parent 's bad books , so she tries to stay clean .
4208	Tartalo was blind , but not yet dead .	Tartalo was blind , but not dead yet .	Tartalo was blind , but yet dead .
4278	While the RFA services the fleet of the Royal Navy around the world , RFA crews are civilians and thus not eligible for Royal Navy awards and decorations .	While the RFA serves the Royal Navy fleet around the world , RFA crews are civilians and thus not suitable for the awards and decorations of the Royal Navy .	While the RFA services the fleet of the Royal Navy around the world , RFA crews are civilians and thus eligible for Royal Navy awards and decorations .
4285	Turkey is a unitary not a federal system , and the provinces are subordinated to the centre .	Turkey is a unitary system , not a federal one , and the provinces are subordinate to the centre .	Turkey is a unitary a federal system , and the provinces are subordinated to the centre .
4386	Codice 13 is also a compiler - magic - function of oxygene , but is not a real function and is rolled back to conditional statements at compile time .	Codice _ 13 is also a compiler magic function of Oxygene . It is not a real function and is at compile time unrolled to conditional statements .	Codice 13 is also a compiler - magic - function of oxygene , but is a real function and is rolled back to conditional statements at compile time .
4412	The following songs were included in the film , but were not introduced on the soundtrack :	The following songs were included in the film but were not featured on the soundtrack :	The following songs were included in the film , but were introduced on the soundtrack :
4459	It was the first and only Super Bowl in which Warner was involved in order not to be decided on the final game play .	It was the first and only Super Bowl in which Warner was involved not to be decided on the final play of the game .	It was the first and only Super Bowl in which Warner was involved in order to be decided on the final game play .
4489	Shawn told Shawn that his mother was not dead and his father was still married and on the day of the wedding of Colleen and Santo , Shawn told Colleen .	Stefano told Shawn that his mother was not dead and his father was still married and on the day of Colleen and Santo 's wedding , Shawn told Colleen .	Shawn told Shawn that his mother was dead and his father was still married and on the day of the wedding of Colleen and Santo , Shawn told Colleen .
4743	The floors are not sandy , generally poor with loose granite and quartz pebbles , there are many rocky outcrops and the soil is mostly deep in organic matter .	The soils are not sandy , generally poor with loose granite and quartz pebbles . There are many rocky outcrops and the soil is mostly deep in organic matter .	The floors are sandy , generally poor with loose granite and quartz pebbles , there are many rocky outcrops and the soil is mostly deep in organic matter .
4746	The objective of the game is to score points by touching a variety of shapes and surviving by not destroying them .	The objective of the game is to collect points by touching and surviving a variety of forms by not destroying them .	The objective of the game is to score points by touching a variety of shapes and surviving by destroying them .
5388	Also , all completely regular spaces are regular ( even if not normal ) Sierpinski - space is an example of a normal space that is not normal .	Also , all fully regular spaces are regular ( even if not normal ) . Sierpinski space is an example of a normal space that is not normal .	Also , all completely regular spaces are regular ( even if normal ) Sierpinski - space is an example of a normal space that is normal .
5522	Unlike most liberal protests in the United States , the Tax March focused not on specific issues , but on broad demand .	Unlike most liberal protests in the United States , the Tax March did not focus on specific issues , but instead focused on a broad demand .	Unlike most liberal protests in the United States , the Tax March focused on specific issues , but on broad demand .
5544	Whether classical users know that they are modern or not , does not matter .	It does not matter match whether classical users know that they are modern or not .	Whether classical users know that they are modern or not , matters .
5631	Ben Peterson of AllMusic gave the album 4 out of 5 stars and consistently called it imaginative and never predictable " .	Ben Peterson of AllMusic gave the album 4 stars out of 5 , calling it " consistently imaginative and never predictable . "	Ben Peterson of AllMusic gave the album 4 out of 5 stars and consistently called it imaginative and predictable " .
5661	Wilhelmina is shocked and does not believe Christina .	Wilhelmina is shocked and Christina does not believe .	Wilhelmina is shocked and believes Christina .
5743	In the Adams division , Buffalo Sabres never missed the playoffs in this format , while the Boston Bruins and Montreal Canadiens were only missing twice .	In the Adams Division , the Buffalo Sabres never missed the playoffs in this format , while the Boston Bruins and Montreal Canadiens only missed twice .	In the Adams division , Buffalo Sabres missed the playoffs in this format , while the Boston Bruins and Montreal Canadiens were only missing twice .
5821	If the fluid is not incompressible , the general form is the viscous voltage in a Newtonian fluid .	If the fluid is not incompressible the general form for the viscous stress in a Newtonian fluid is	If the fluid is incompressible , the general form is the viscous voltage in a Newtonian fluid .
5894	It has not been held since the 2008 event , and there are no plans for it to be reimplemented yet .	It has not currently been held since the 2008 event , and there are no plans yet for it to be held again .	It has been held since the 2008 event , and there are no plans for it to be reimplemented yet .
6185	In reality , Danny Greene was not present when Nardi was murdered .	In reality , Danny Greene was not present when Nardi was assassinated .	In reality , Danny Greene was present when Nardi was murdered .
6277	Opponents argue that transgender , mutilated , and disabled women who digress from typical female bodies are not liberated when they expose their breasts .	Opponents argue that transgender , mutilated , and disabled women who digress from typical female bodies are not liberated when they release their breasts .	Opponents argue that transgender , mutilated , and disabled women who digress from typical female bodies are liberated when they expose their breasts .
6365	But the targets are not easy -- grandmother , wife of an oligarch , sectarian , feminist and virgin .	But the goals are not easy - grandmother , wife of an oligarch , sectarian , feminist and virgin .	But the targets are easy -- grandmother , wife of an oligarch , sectarian , feminist and virgin .
6556	France took a medal in each of the three team events , but won no more gold medals .	In each of the three team events France won a medal , but won no more gold medals .	France took a medal in each of the three team events , but won more gold medals .
6584	It also shares its advantage that the invertable function formula 26 does not have to be round .	It also shares its advantage that the invertible function formula _ 26 does not have to be round .	It also shares its advantage that the invertable function formula 26 has to be round .
6707	Had the Immigration Officer intended on arrival that asylum was known , then he would not have granted entry as a visitor .	If , on arrival , the immigration official had intended that asylum was known , he would not have granted entry as a visitor .	Had the Immigration Officer intended on arrival that asylum was known , then he would have granted entry as a visitor .
6979	The French overture should not be confused with the Italian overture , a three-part rapid screw structure .	The French overture should not be confused with the Italian overture , a three-part quick-slow-quick structure .	The French overture should be confused with the Italian overture , a three-part rapid screw structure .
7059	The 913th troop transport squadron was consolidated in September 1985 with the 13th Air Refuelling Squadron , but the active squadron has not been consolidated ever since .	The 913th Troop Carrier Squadron was consolidated with the 13th Air Refueling Squadron in September 1985 but the active squadron has not been consolidated since .	The 913th troop transport squadron was consolidated in September 1985 with the 13th Air Refuelling Squadron , but the active squadron has been consolidated ever since .
7136	Kathy changes her identity to Kriti at the hotel because she does not want anyone to know that she is the daughter of Ketan Malhotra .	Kathy changes her identity to Kriti at the hotel because she does not want anyone to know that she is Ketan Malhotra 's daughter .	Kathy changes her identity to Kriti at the hotel because she wants anyone to know that she is the daughter of Ketan Malhotra .
7149	Daryl Powell resigned after he was not paid and was replaced in April 1995 by player coach Phil Larder .	Daryl Powell resigned after not being paid and was replaced by player coach Phil Larder in April 1995 .	Daryl Powell resigned after he was paid and was replaced in April 1995 by player coach Phil Larder .
7161	Agreement with Bolivia was applied on 4 August 2016 and not denounced from 4 February 2017 .	The agreement with Bolivia was applied on 4 August 2016 and was not denounced from 4 February 2017 .	Agreement with Bolivia was applied on 4 August 2016 and denounced from 4 February 2017 .
7253	While these two stations are situated relatively close to each other , the two stations are not interchangeable ; they are located along different parts of Pudian Road .	While these two stations are relatively close to each other , the two stations are not interchangeable , they are situated along different parts of the Pudian Road .	While these two stations are situated relatively close to each other , the two stations are interchangeable ; they are located along different parts of Pudian Road .
7469	The first oil source in Oklahoma was drilled in 1885 in the Atoka County , Choctaw Nation , Indian territory , even though it was not completed until 1888 .	The First Oil Well in Oklahoma was drilled in 1885 in Atoka County , Choctaw Nation , Indian Territory , though it was not completed until 1888 .	The first oil source in Oklahoma was drilled in 1885 in the Atoka County , Choctaw Nation , Indian territory , even though it was completed until 1888 .
7738	Pointe aux Barques Lighthouse is located in Huron Township , not Pointe Aux Barques .	Pointe aux Barques Lighthouse is situated in Huron Township , not Pointe Aux Barques .	Pointe aux Barques Lighthouse is located in Huron Township , Pointe Aux Barques .
7915	In combinatorial game theory , a game is partisan if it is not impartial .	In combinatorial game theory , a game is partisan when it is not impartial .	In combinatorial game theory , a game is partisan if it is impartial .
7917	The First Oil Well in Oklahoma was drilled in 1885 in Atoka County , Choctaw Nation , Indian Territory , though it was not completed until 1888 .	The first oil source in Oklahoma was drilled in 1885 in Atoka County , Choctaw Nation , Indian territory , although it was not completed until 1888 .	The First Oil Well in Oklahoma was drilled in 1885 in Atoka County , Choctaw Nation , Indian Territory , though it was completed until 1888 .
7922	They did not hesitate to send members of the various professions to the respective congresses held in Bessarabia throughout 1917 , and became very influential .	They did not hesitate to send members of the various professions to the respective congresses held in Bessarabia throughout the year 1917 , and they became very powerful .	They hesitated to send members of the various professions to the respective congresses held in Bessarabia throughout 1917 , and became very influential .
8242	They are not only hard to religious , but they are some of the most agricultural areas in Canada .	They are not only heavily religious , but they are some of the most agricultural areas in Canada .	They are only hard to religious , but they are some of the most agricultural areas in Canada .
8288	Not long after he came , the snow fell six inches deep .	Not long after he came snow fell six inches deep .	 long after he came , the snow fell six inches deep .
8300	The soils are not sandy , generally poor with loose granite and quartz pebbles . There are many rocky outcrops and the soil is mostly deep in organic matter .	The floors are not sandy , mostly poor with loose granite and quartz pebbles , there are many rocky outcrops and the soil is usually deep in organic matter .	The soils are sandy , generally poor with loose granite and quartz pebbles . There are many rocky outcrops and the soil is mostly deep in organic matter .
8825	If the programmer does not provide a constructor for an instantiable class , most languages will supply a " default constructor " .	If the programmer does not provide a constructor for an instantiable class , most languages provide a " default constructor " .	If the programmer provides a constructor for an instantiable class , most languages will supply a " default constructor " .
8836	The gathering of mushrooms is not absolutely prohibited , but it is only tolerated near the approved trails .	The collection of mushrooms is not absolutely prohibited , but it is only tolerated near the approved hiking trails .	The gathering of mushrooms is absolutely prohibited , but it is only tolerated near the approved trails .
9066	Recorded in August 2011 at the House of Görväln in Uppland , Maria Lundqvist replaced Louise Hoffsten , who could not attend .	Recorded at Görväln House in Uppland in August 2011 . Maria Lundqvist replaced Louise Hoffsten who could not attend .	Recorded in August 2011 at the House of Görväln in Uppland , Maria Lundqvist replaced Louise Hoffsten , who could attend .
9208	Christina is shocked and does not believe Wilhelmina .	Christina is shocked and does not believe in Wilhelmina .	Christina is shocked and believes Wilhelmina .
9279	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here ; more may be found in the List of Aramaic abbreviations and the List of Hebrew abbreviations , respectively .	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here , and more can be found in the list of Hebrew abbreviations or in the list of Aramaic abbreviations .	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may be included here ; more may be found in the List of Aramaic abbreviations and the List of Hebrew abbreviations , respectively .
9292	The limbs are well developed and the third back toe is not much longer than the fourth .	The limbs are well developed ; the third hind toe is not much longer than the fourth .	The limbs are well developed and the third back toe is much longer than the fourth .
9528	However , many tourists do not visit the suspension bridge and only hike .	However , many of the tourists do not visit and only hike the suspension bridge .	However , many tourists visit the suspension bridge and only hike .
9541	In his letter to Christofias , Menendez stated " you can not ignore human rights violations by Turkey in your country and then claim such violations in Cuba .	In his letter to Christofias , Menendez explained : " You can not ignore human rights violations by Turkey in your country and then claim such violations in Cuba .	In his letter to Christofias , Menendez stated " you can ignore human rights violations by Turkey in your country and then claim such violations in Cuba .
9584	A spire was built by Barry in 1841 , but it was never designed .	A tower was built in 1841 by Barry , but it was never designed .	A spire was built by Barry in 1841 , but it was designed .
9587	It was , however , a legal ceremony and not a spiritual one .	However , it was a legal , and not a spiritual ceremony .	It was , however , a legal ceremony and a spiritual one .
9606	Collins introduced himself to the modern Barnabas Collins family as a cousin from England , a hard-working businessman never seen during the day .	Collins introduced himself to the modern Barnabas Collins family as a cousin from England , a hard-working businessman who was never seen during the day .	Collins introduced himself to the modern Barnabas Collins family as a cousin from England , a hard-working businessman seen during the day .
9626	The reactance is defined as the imaginary part of electrical impedance and is equal , but generally not analogous to reversing the susceptance .	Reactance is defined as the imaginary part of Electrical impedance , and is equal but not generally analogous to the inverse of the susceptance .	The reactance is defined as the imaginary part of electrical impedance and is equal , but generally analogous to reversing the susceptance .
9646	God does n't like uniformity , he likes the unity in diversity , a unity that does not exclude , he likes multitude of expressions and forms .	God does not like uniformity , he likes unity in diversity , a unity that does not exclude , he likes a multitude of expressions and forms .	God likes uniformity , he likes the unity in diversity , a unity that excludes , he likes multitude of expressions and forms .
9660	The change from thirty to forty nights does not reflect a change in the knowledge of Moses , but only a change in knowledge that God possessed .	The change from thirty nights to forty nights do not reflect a change in Moses 's Knowledge , but only a change in the knowledge that God possessed .	The change from thirty to forty nights reflects a change in the knowledge of Moses , but only a change in knowledge that God possessed .
9737	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here , and more can be found in the list of Aramaic abbreviations or in the list of Hebrew abbreviations .	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may not be included here ; more may be found in the List of Hebrew abbreviations and the List of Aramaic abbreviations , respectively .	Some Hebrew and Aramaic abbreviations may be included here , and more can be found in the list of Aramaic abbreviations or in the list of Hebrew abbreviations .
9790	Sequence - Transformations that are not linear are called nonlinear sequences - transformations .	Sequence transformations that are not linear are called nonlinear sequence transformations .	Sequence - Transformations that are linear are called nonlinear sequences - transformations .
9910	Wallace also died on campaign two years after Edward 's execution , not in bed at his home .	Also , Wallace died on campaign two years after Edward 's execution , not in bed at his home .	Wallace also died on campaign two years after Edward 's execution , in bed at his home .
10120	The mushroom is poisonous , but due to possible confusion with edible " Amanita " species is not recommended .	The mushroom is toxic , but not recommended due to possible confusion with edible " Amanita " species .	The mushroom is poisonous , but due to possible confusion with edible " Amanita " species is recommended .
10166	When he succeeded Plettner in 1981 , Karlheinz Kaske became the first chairman of the supervisory board not to be a member of the Siemens family .	When he was succeeded by Plettner in 1981 , Karlheinz Kaske became the first chairman of the supervisory board not to be a member of the Siemens family .	When he succeeded Plettner in 1981 , Karlheinz Kaske became the first chairman of the supervisory board to be a member of the Siemens family .
10172	The incident was not originally reported by state-controlled international media , but was first reported by Iranian media .	The incident was not originally reported by the state-controlled international media , but was instead first reported on by Iranian media .	The incident was originally reported by state-controlled international media , but was first reported by Iranian media .
10213	This work led him to trigger important reflections about the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical .	This work led him to trigger important reflections on the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical .	This work led him to trigger important reflections about the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was considered ethical .
10238	The real basis of bloom is that , in the physical world , lenses can never focus perfectly .	The real basis of the flower is that lenses can never focus perfectly in the physical world .	The real basis of bloom is that , in the physical world , lenses can focus perfectly .
10324	In May 2012 , Collins decided he would not challenge Broun .	In May 2012 , Collins decided that he would not challenge Broun .	In May 2012 , Collins decided he would challenge Broun .
10497	Official LDS missionary work did not begin in Utah until John Murdock and Charles W. Wandell arrived in Sydney from Australia on 30 October , 1851 .	The LDS 's official missionary work did not start in Utah until John Murdock and Charles W. Wandell arrived in Sydney from Australia on October 30 , 1851 .	Official LDS missionary work began in Utah until John Murdock and Charles W. Wandell arrived in Sydney from Australia on 30 October , 1851 .
10674	Pedestrians and bicycles are not permitted , but can be allowed on a footpath .	Pedestrians and bicycles are not allowed , but may be permitted on a footpath .	Pedestrians and bicycles are permitted , but can be allowed on a footpath .
10687	In 2011 , Trevor Hunter was not the director as he was director at Belmont City College and was replaced by Geraldine Hardy in 2012 .	Trevor Hunter was not the principal in 2011 as he was Principal at Belmont City College and was replaced in 2012 by Geraldine Hardy .	In 2011 , Trevor Hunter was the director as he was director at Belmont City College and was replaced by Geraldine Hardy in 2012 .
10721	It was not long after Watts joined the group that Wyman took over the percussion .	It was not long after Watts joined the group that Wyman took over the drums .	It was long after Watts joined the group that Wyman took over the percussion .
10774	Based on the city of Baltimore , only mentioned , never visited in the show .	Based on the city of Baltimore , never visited , mentioned only in the show .	Based on the city of Baltimore , only mentioned , visited in the show .
11004	Please note that Ionia and Aeolis were not considered separate units by the Persians , while Lycia was included in semi-autonomous Caria and Sparda the offshore islands .	Note that Ionia and Aeolis were not considered separate entities by the Persians , while Lycia was included in semi-autonomous Caria , and Sparda included the offshore islands .	Please note that Ionia and Aeolis were considered separate units by the Persians , while Lycia was included in semi-autonomous Caria and Sparda the offshore islands .
11019	Also , he does not like the world of court and always criticizes it . He is a lead , and says two of Shakespeare 's most common monologues .	He also does not like and always criticizes the world of the Court , he is a leading actor and says two of Shakespeare 's most common monologues .	Also , he likes the world of court and always criticizes it . He is a lead , and says two of Shakespeare 's most common monologues .
11021	Despite the worldwide fame of her Pippi illustrations , Vang Nyman did not receive as much appreciation from the publication as the author Astrid Lindgren , and she remains fairly unknown .	Despite the worldwide fame of her Pippi illustrations , Vang Nyman did not receive as much recognition from the publication as author Astrid Lindgren , and remains fairly unknown .	Despite the worldwide fame of her Pippi illustrations , Vang Nyman received as much appreciation from the publication as the author Astrid Lindgren , and she remains fairly unknown .
11062	Here is a list of schools in Harford County , Maryland . Both public schools and parochial schools are listed , but independent schools are not included .	Here is a list of schools in Harford County , Maryland.There are listed both public schools and parish schools , but independent schools are not included .	Here is a list of schools in Harford County , Maryland . Both public schools and parochial schools are listed , but independent schools are included .
11359	Capitán Jorge Osvaldo García successfully ejected but was not recovered .	Capitán Jorge Osvaldo García was successfully ejected , but could not be recovered .	Capitán Jorge Osvaldo García successfully ejected but was recovered .
11689	Sam has a much younger brother named Sam who is not much older than Hank Bennett 's eldest son .	Sam has a much younger brother named Sam , who is not much older than the eldest son of Hank Bennett .	Sam has a much younger brother named Sam who is much older than Hank Bennett 's eldest son .
11699	The next day Finn Malmgren was rescued , the body of Mariano and Zappi was not found .	Finn Malmgren was rescued the next day , the body of Mariano and Zappi were not found .	The next day Finn Malmgren was rescued , the body of Mariano and Zappi was found .
12003	The present church , built in June 1885 by the bishop of St. Albans , is not the first to be consecrated in East Hanningfield .	The current Church , built by the Bishop of St Albans in June 1885 , is not the first to be consecrated in East Hanningfield .	The present church , built in June 1885 by the bishop of St. Albans , is the first to be consecrated in East Hanningfield .
12007	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he made false statements and attributed counterfeit works to Lewis .	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis .	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is reliable and that he made false statements and attributed counterfeit works to Lewis .
12121	In the 2016 presidential election , the Party did not nominate a candidate for general , but won three seats in the National Assembly .	The party did not nominate a general candidate in the 2016 presidential elections , but won three seats in the National Assembly .	In the 2016 presidential election , the Party nominated a candidate for general , but won three seats in the National Assembly .
12136	The small institutions that they founded would not have found them like universities -- they were tiny and did not offer higher degrees in medicine and theology .	The tiny institutions they founded would not have seemed to them like universities -- they were small and did not offer the higher degrees in medicine and theology .	The small institutions that they founded would have found them like universities -- they were tiny and offered higher degrees in medicine and theology .
12284	When he was succeeded by Plettner in 1981 , Karlheinz Kaske became the first chairman of the supervisory board not to be a member of the Siemens family .	When he was replaced by Plettner in 1981 , Karlheinz Kaske became the first chairman of the supervisory board not to be a member of the Siemens family .	When he was succeeded by Plettner in 1981 , Karlheinz Kaske became the first chairman of the supervisory board to be a member of the Siemens family .
12383	Promegestone is mainly bound to albumin ; it does not bind to sex hormone-binding globulin , and binds only weakly to transcortin .	Promegestone is mainly bound to albumin , it does not bind to sex hormone - binding globulin and binds to Transcortin only weakly .	Promegestone is mainly bound to albumin ; it binds to sex hormone-binding globulin , and binds only weakly to transcortin .
12421	Collins introduced himself to the modern Barnabas Collins family as a cousin from England , a hard-working businessman that had never been seen during the day .	Collins introduced himself to the modern Barnabas Collins family as a cousin from England , a hard-working businessman never seen during the day .	Collins introduced himself to the modern Barnabas Collins family as a cousin from England , a hard-working businessman that had been seen during the day .
12968	The real basis of the flower is that lenses can never perfectly focus in the physical world .	The real basis of bloom is that , in the physical world , lenses can never focus perfectly .	The real basis of the flower is that lenses can perfectly focus in the physical world .
13019	Arthur decides not to tell Dick of his purchase .	Arthur decides to not tell Dick of his purchase .	Arthur decides to tell Dick of his purchase .
13082	Ben Peterson of AllMusic gave the album 4 stars out of 5 , calling it " never imaginative and consistently predictable " .	Ben Peterson of AllMusic gave the album 4 out of 5 stars and described it as " never imaginative and consistently predictable " .	Ben Peterson of AllMusic gave the album 4 stars out of 5 , calling it " imaginative and consistently predictable " .
13130	James the Fat would never return to his native Scotland , he remained in exile until his death in Ireland , his widowed mother and sister remained in Scotland .	James the Fat would never return to his native Scotland . He remained an exile in Ireland until his death . His widowed mother and sister remained in Scotland .	James the Fat would return to his native Scotland , he remained in exile until his death in Ireland , his widowed mother and sister remained in Scotland .
13314	The social consequences of criminal conviction are not the same as the consequences of conviction .	The social consequences of criminal conviction are not the same as the collateral consequences of conviction .	The social consequences of criminal conviction are the same as the consequences of conviction .
13364	Of the registered voters in the county there were 13,474 Republicans , 12,218 were Democrats , and 15,887 were not associated with any party .	Of the registered voters in the county , 13,474 were Republicans , 12,218 were Democrats , and 15,887 were not affiliated with any party .	Of the registered voters in the county there were 13,474 Republicans , 12,218 were Democrats , and 15,887 were associated with any party .
13428	Because there was a lack of evidence to prove that Jim was not killed in self-defense , Johnson was acquitted and had the right to return home .	Because there was a lack of evidence to prove that Jim was not killed in self-defense , Johnson was acquitted and allowed to return home .	Because there was a lack of evidence to prove that Jim was killed in self-defense , Johnson was acquitted and had the right to return home .
13539	Our theories can not be both dogmatically held , scientific constructs , and be vitalistic at the same time .	Our theories can not be both dogmatic scientific constructs and at the same time be vitalistic .	Our theories can be both dogmatically held , scientific constructs , and be vitalistic at the same time .
13567	Scientific research is most often not the " main " goal for many amateur astronomers , unlike professional astronomers .	For many amateur astronomers , unlike professional astronomers , scientific research is usually not the " main goal " .	Scientific research is most often the " main " goal for many amateur astronomers , unlike professional astronomers .
13616	SHS also has teams that compete in Archery and Bowling which are not IHSAA sponsored , but sanctioned by their organizations .	SHS also has teams that compete in archery and bowling , which are not sponsored by IHSAA , but sanctioned by their organisations .	SHS also has teams that compete in Archery and Bowling which are IHSAA sponsored , but sanctioned by their organizations .
13653	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett who is not much older than Sam 's eldest son .	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett , who is not much older than Sam ’ s eldest son .	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett who is much older than Sam 's eldest son .
13732	Owens did not act at first like naturally .	Owens did not Act " like Naturally " at first .	Owens acted at first like naturally .
13773	Then the image of Formula 31 is not really valuable , but nevertheless it is a subset of Formula 1085 , so the character of the representation is real .	Thus the image of formula _ 31 is not real-valued , but nevertheless it is a subset of formula _ 1085 Then , the character of the representation is real .	Then the image of Formula 31 is really valuable , but nevertheless it is a subset of Formula 1085 , so the character of the representation is real .
13819	He defeated Quentin Gilbert and Pierre Roche , with Gilbert receiving the titles in WRC3 and JWRC not long ago .	He defeated Quentin Gilbert and Pierre Roche , with Gilbert having not long ago clinched the titles in WRC3 and JWRC .	He defeated Quentin Gilbert and Pierre Roche , with Gilbert receiving the titles in WRC3 and JWRC long ago .
13847	It is never uncovered what Raab has there , but the last line " Oh my God " implies that it is something surprising .	It is never revealed what Raab has there , but the final line " Oh my God " , implies that it is something surprising .	It is uncovered what Raab has there , but the last line " Oh my God " implies that it is something surprising .
13967	For a number of reasons , some white colonies can not contain the desired recombinant plasmid .	Some white colonies may not contain the desired recombinant plasmid for a number of reasons .	For a number of reasons , some white colonies can contain the desired recombinant plasmid .
13977	Katie Holmes ' character is the daughter of Mary , played by Cherry Jones , and not the daughter of Elizabeth played by Allison Janney .	The character of Katie Holmes was the daughter of Mary , played by Cherry Jones , and not Elizabeth 's daughter , played by Allison Janney .	Katie Holmes ' character is the daughter of Mary , played by Cherry Jones , and the daughter of Elizabeth played by Allison Janney .
14036	But again in Beethoven 's , and least of all in this , which never is full of originality .	But again in Beethoven , and least of all in this , which is never full of originality .	But again in Beethoven 's , and least of all in this , which is full of originality .
14234	Isabel Kabra never left his side , until Irina assigned her to a mission in Helsinki .	Isabel Kabra never left his side until Irina sent her to a mission in Helsinki .	Isabel Kabra left his side , until Irina assigned her to a mission in Helsinki .
14415	Despite Chuck D and Public Enemy 's success , Chuck D claims that popularity or public approval was never a driving motivation behind their work .	Despite the success of Chuck D and Public Enemy , Chuck D claims that popularity or public approval was never a driving motivation behind their work .	Despite Chuck D and Public Enemy 's success , Chuck D claims that popularity or public approval was a driving motivation behind their work .
14603	For the 2012 CPAC conference , the ACU board voted to not invite GOProud or the John Birch Society to the 2012 conference .	For the CPAC - Conference 2012 , the ACU Executive Board decided not to invite GOProud or the John Birch Society to the 2012 conference .	For the 2012 CPAC conference , the ACU board voted to invite GOProud or the John Birch Society to the 2012 conference .
14625	This was the first time since 1976 that New Jersey did not vote for the same candidate as the neighboring Pennsylvania .	This was the first time since 1976 that New Jersey did not vote for the same candidate as neighboring Pennsylvania .	This was the first time since 1976 that New Jersey voted for the same candidate as the neighboring Pennsylvania .
14647	B is the common term between the two premises ( the central term ) , but is never distributed , so this syllogism is invalid .	B is the common term between the two premises ( the middle term ) but is never distributed , so this syllogism is invalid .	B is the common term between the two premises ( the central term ) , but is distributed , so this syllogism is invalid .
14667	Codice _ 13 is also a compiler magic function of Oxygene . It is not a real function and is at compile time unrolled to conditional statements .	Codice 13 is also a compiler - magic - function of oxygene that is not a real function and is rolled up to conditional statements at compile time .	Codice _ 13 is also a compiler magic function of Oxygene . It is a real function and is at compile time unrolled to conditional statements .
15005	The tiny institutions they founded would not have found them like universities -- they were small and did not offer the higher degrees in medicine and theology .	The small institutions that they founded would not have found them like universities -- they were tiny and did not offer higher degrees in medicine and theology .	The tiny institutions they founded would have found them like universities -- they were small and offered the higher degrees in medicine and theology .
15095	In " House of Despair " Ed Griffin Quentin Collins tells that the people of Collinsport have not forgotten how " the winter girl " inexplicably disappeared .	In " House of Despair " , Ed Griffin tells Quentin Collins that the people of Collinsport have not forgotten how " that Winters girl " inexplicably disappeared .	In " House of Despair " Ed Griffin Quentin Collins tells that the people of Collinsport have forgotten how " the winter girl " inexplicably disappeared .
15133	It is never uncovered what Raab has there , but the last line " Oh my God " implies that it is something surprising .	It is never revealed what Raab has there , but the final line " Oh my God " , is that it implies something surprising .	It is uncovered what Raab has there , but the last line " Oh my God " implies that it is something surprising .
15152	There were others who did as I thought , but we could not speak .	There were others who did , I thought , but we could not speak .	There were others who did as I thought , but we could speak .
15175	Dyadic natural males do not have the anatomy needed for human embryonic and foetal development .	Dyadic natural males do not have the anatomy needed for human embryonic and fetal development .	Dyadic natural males have the anatomy needed for human embryonic and foetal development .
15198	Vaman Malhar Joshi was not to be confused with the writer Waman Gopal Joshi , they were contemporaries .	Vaman Malhar Joshi should not be confused with the writer Waman Gopal Joshi . They were contemporaries .	Vaman Malhar Joshi was to be confused with the writer Waman Gopal Joshi , they were contemporaries .
15300	The Panthera tigris sudanensis is a claimed subspecies of tiger , not scientifically recognised , allegedly living in Africa .	The Panthera tigris sudanensis is a supposed subspecies of the tiger , not scientifically recognised , allegedly living in Africa .	The Panthera tigris sudanensis is a claimed subspecies of tiger , scientifically recognised , allegedly living in Africa .
15337	The Oxford English Dictionary cites Hoccleve as one of the modern users of the term " slut " in its modern sense , although not in its original spelling .	The Oxford English Dictionary cites Hoccleve as one of the modern users of the term " slut " in its modern sense , though not in its initial spelling .	The Oxford English Dictionary cites Hoccleve as one of the modern users of the term " slut " in its modern sense , although in its original spelling .
15585	Bob Blake did not play in the first year of Dan McGugin in 1904 , but resumed play on the team of 1905 .	Bob Blake did not play in Dan McGugin 's first year of 1904 , but resumed play on the 1905 team .	Bob Blake played in the first year of Dan McGugin in 1904 , but resumed play on the team of 1905 .
15706	Note that this odd bracket is an anti-commutator , not a commutator , because both generators are last .	Note that this odd bracket is an anticommutator , not a commutator , because both generators are last .	Note that this odd bracket is an anti-commutator , a commutator , because both generators are last .
15753	In his song " Mañana " , Jimmy Buffett sings " I hope Anita Bryant never ever does one of my songs " .	In his song " Mañana " sings Jimmy Buffett " I hope Anita Bryant does never make one of my songs " .	In his song " Mañana " , Jimmy Buffett sings " I hope Anita Bryant ever does one of my songs " .
15781	The feature was ultimately considered " unfinished " , as it never received a user interface .	The feature was eventually considered " unfinished " as it never received a user interface .	The feature was ultimately considered " unfinished " , as it received a user interface .
15913	Women 's sports not sponsored by the Southeastern Conference , which are practised by SEC schools :	Women 's varsity sports not sponsored by the Southeastern Conference which are played by SEC schools :	Women 's sports sponsored by the Southeastern Conference , which are practised by SEC schools :
16077	Recruits : 4 , plus 2 , but not nominated .	Recruits : 4 , plus 2 enlisted but not nominated .	Recruits : 4 , plus 2 , but nominated .
16225	Finn Malmgren was rescued the next day , the body of Mariano and Zappi were not found .	The next day , Finn Malmgren was rescued , the corpse of Mariano and Zappi were not found .	Finn Malmgren was rescued the next day , the body of Mariano and Zappi were found .
16226	In 1981 , when he succeeded Karlheinz Kaske , Plettner became the first Chairman of the Supervisory Board who was not a member of the Siemens family .	When he was succeeded by Karlheinz Kaske in 1981 , Plettner became the first chairman of the supervisory board not to be a member of the Siemens family .	In 1981 , when he succeeded Karlheinz Kaske , Plettner became the first Chairman of the Supervisory Board who was a member of the Siemens family .
16317	Several of these names were chosen to correspond to their rough equivalents in international chess , and not as literal translations of the Japanese names .	These names were chosen to correspond to their rough equivalents in the international chess , not as literal translations of Japanese names .	Several of these names were chosen to correspond to their rough equivalents in international chess , and as literal translations of the Japanese names .
16391	Because there was a lack of evidence to prove that Johnson was not killed in self-defense , Jim was acquitted and allowed to return to home .	Because there was a lack of evidence to prove that Johnson was not killed in self-defense , Jim was acquitted and allowed to return home .	Because there was a lack of evidence to prove that Johnson was killed in self-defense , Jim was acquitted and allowed to return to home .
16438	Azaloxan ( CGS-7135A ) is a drug which was marketed as an antidepressant by Ciba-Geigy in the early 1980s , but was never patented .	Azaloxan ( CGS-7135A ) is a medication that was marketed by Ciba-Geigy as an antidepressant in the early 1980s , but was never patented .	Azaloxan ( CGS-7135A ) is a drug which was marketed as an antidepressant by Ciba-Geigy in the early 1980s , but was patented .
16459	In rats , it also inhibits the central , if not peripheral , secretion of oxytocin and vasopressin .	It also inhibits the central , though not peripheral secretion of oxytocin and vasopressin in rats .	In rats , it also inhibits the central , if peripheral , secretion of oxytocin and vasopressin .
16499	Note that Ionia and Aeolis were not considered separate units by the Persians , while Lykia was included in offshore - Caria and Sparda - the semi-autonomous islands .	Note that Ionia and Aeolis was not considered separate entities by the Persians , while Lycia were included in offshore Caria and Sparda included the semi-autonomous islands .	Note that Ionia and Aeolis were considered separate units by the Persians , while Lykia was included in offshore - Caria and Sparda - the semi-autonomous islands .
16543	The fungus is edible , but due to possible confusion with toxic Amanita species is not recommended .	The mushroom is edible , but not recommended due to possible confusion with toxic " Amanita " species .	The fungus is edible , but due to possible confusion with toxic Amanita species is recommended .
16553	Of these , Austin Catholic Academy and St. Thomas of Villanova College are independently operated and not officially sponsored by the Augustinian Order .	Of these , the Austin Catholic Academy and St. Thomas of Villanova College are operated independently and are not officially supported by the Augustinian Order .	Of these , Austin Catholic Academy and St. Thomas of Villanova College are independently operated and officially sponsored by the Augustinian Order .
16584	Note : " NA " -- Information was not quoted on the page listed .	Note : " NA " -- information was not cited on the listed page .	Note : " NA " -- Information was quoted on the page listed .
16858	mcen 092.2 gathered here have spoken you very clearly and you have not accused .	Here gathered mcen 092.2 you have spoken very clearly and you have not charged .	mcen 092.2 gathered here have spoken you very clearly and you have accused .
16960	Nile was the 77th candidate excluded after the distribution of votes on the last count , and was not elected to the Senate .	After the distribution of the votes , the 77th candidate was excluded from the last count and was not elected to the Senate .	Nile was the 77th candidate excluded after the distribution of votes on the last count , and was elected to the Senate .
17089	Several of these names were chosen to correspond to their international equivalents in rough chess , and not as literal translations of the Japanese names .	These names were chosen to correspond to their international counterparts in the rough chess and not as literal translations of Japanese names .	Several of these names were chosen to correspond to their international equivalents in rough chess , and as literal translations of the Japanese names .
17095	The presence of isolobal analog fragments does not mean that the desired structures can be synthezied .	The presence of isolobal - analog fragments does not mean that the desired structures can be synthesized .	The presence of isolobal analog fragments means that the desired structures can be synthezied .
17189	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Hooper scholar , argued that Lewis 's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis .	The independent hooper - scholar Kathryn Lindskoog argued that Lewis ' scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed fake works to Lewis .	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Hooper scholar , argued that Lewis 's scholarship is reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis .
17196	The 13th Troop Carrier Squadron was consolidated with the 913th Air Refueling Squadron in September 1985 but the consolidated squadron has not been active since .	The 13th Troop Carrier Squadron was consolidated in September 1985 with the 913th Air Refueling Squadron , but the consolidated squadron has since been no longer active .	The 13th Troop Carrier Squadron was consolidated with the 913th Air Refueling Squadron in September 1985 but the consolidated squadron has been active since .
17384	It is the explicit goal of TCI not only to lead the leader , but also to enable a group to support itself ( chair person postulate ) .	It is the explicit goal of TCI not only to lead the leader , but also to enable a group to support itself ( Chairman Person Postulate ) .	It is the explicit goal of TCI only to lead the leader , but also to enable a group to support itself ( chair person postulate ) .
17609	In fact , it was not Australia but an island in present-day Vanuatu .	In fact , it was not Australia , but an island in Vanuatu today .	In fact , it was Australia but an island in present-day Vanuatu .
17624	A codice 1 can not be deleted because its copy constructor and assignment operators are explicitly copied .	Codice 1 can not be deleted because its copy constructor and its assignment operators are explicitly copied .	A codice 1 can be deleted because its copy constructor and assignment operators are explicitly copied .
17909	While the RFA serves the Royal Navy fleet around the world , RFA crews are eligible for civilians and thus not for Royal Navy awards and decorations .	While the RFA services the fleet of the Royal Navy around the world , RFA crews are civilians and thus not eligible for Royal Navy awards and decorations .	While the RFA serves the Royal Navy fleet around the world , RFA crews are eligible for civilians and thus for Royal Navy awards and decorations .
17927	The route was repaired in 2005 following heavy rainfall , but the road was not reopened , due to objections from Angeles National Forest officials .	The route was repaired after heavy rainfall in 2005 , but the road was not reopened due to objections from officials of the Angeles National Forest .	The route was repaired in 2005 following heavy rainfall , but the road was reopened , due to objections from Angeles National Forest officials .
18043	Here is a list of schools in Harford County , Maryland.There are both public schools and parish schools listed , but independent schools are not included .	Here is a list of schools in Harford County , Maryland . Both public schools and parochial schools are listed , but independent schools are not included .	Here is a list of schools in Harford County , Maryland.There are both public schools and parish schools listed , but independent schools are included .
18057	Others , such as Eric Horner , Sigurd Wongraven and Jan Axel Blomberg , believe that black metal does not have to be satanic .	Others -- such as Jan Axel Blomberg , Sigurd Wongraven and Eric Horner -- believe that black metal does not need to be Satanic .	Others , such as Eric Horner , Sigurd Wongraven and Jan Axel Blomberg , believe that black metal has to be satanic .
18253	WaridTel also uses this option but it is not nationwide and displays offers only .	WaridTel also uses this option , but it is not nationwide and displays only offers .	WaridTel also uses this option but it is nationwide and displays offers only .
18668	Mitzy learns Charles Cottier ( Dexter Walker ) has feelings for Marilyn and she tries to make him see that Marilyn does not have any for him .	Mitzy learns Dexter Walker ( Charles Cottier ) has feelings for Marilyn and she tries to get him to see that Marilyn does not have one for him .	Mitzy learns Charles Cottier ( Dexter Walker ) has feelings for Marilyn and she tries to make him see that Marilyn has any for him .
18990	It is widespread in Europe , but it is never as common as " L. sponsa " .	It is widespread in Europe , but it is never as common as L. sponsa .	It is widespread in Europe , but it is as common as " L. sponsa " .
19031	Pedestrians and bicycles are not allowed , but may be permitted on a footpath .	Pedestrians and bicycles are not allowed , but can be permitted on a footpath .	Pedestrians and bicycles are allowed , but may be permitted on a footpath .
19156	In the Adams Division , the Boston Bruins and Montreal Canadiens never missed the playoffs in this format , while the Buffalo Sabres only missed twice .	In the Adams division , the Boston Bruins and Montreal Canadians never missed the playoffs in this format , while the Buffalo Sabres missed only twice .	In the Adams Division , the Boston Bruins and Montreal Canadiens missed the playoffs in this format , while the Buffalo Sabres only missed twice .
19386	It has not yet been held since the 2008 event , and there are no plans currently for it to be held again .	It has not yet been held since the 2008 event , and there are currently no plans for it to take place again .	It has yet been held since the 2008 event , and there are no plans currently for it to be held again .
19499	Brown has said that Prince never followed through on " all that money " .	Brown said that Prince has never followed " all that money " .	Brown has said that Prince followed through on " all that money " .
19899	As a result , BFD is not distributed separately , but is always included in the releases of binutils and GDB .	As a result , BFD is not distributed separately , but is always included with releases of binutils and GDB .	As a result , BFD is distributed separately , but is always included in the releases of binutils and GDB .
