20	The friendship between him and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951 when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and Duncan reported that Greaves said :	The friendship between him and Duncan ended in 1951 at a club meeting , when the two did not agree at an annual meeting , and Duncan reported that Greaves said :	The friendship between her and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951 when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and Duncan reported that Greaves said :
115	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence as Le Homme ; Karl Paquette was his strong , melancholy double ; and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme .	Laetitia Pujol was a shady presence as Le Homme , Karl Paquette was his strong , melancholy double , and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme .	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence as Le Homme ; Karl Paquette was her strong , melancholy double ; and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme .
117	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles down with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises .	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles down with her family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises .
120	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis .	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed false works .	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that she has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis .
141	Owen believed his utopian community would create a " social environment " based on his ideals of superior social , intellectual and physical reform .	Owen believed that his utopian community would create a " social environment , based on his ideals of superior social , intellectual , and physical reform .	Owen believed her utopian community would create a `` social environment `` based on his ideals of superior social , intellectual and physical reform .
192	He won the first Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the second Prix de Rome in 1814 for his painting of the " Death of Diagoras " .	He won the first Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and in 1814 the second Prix de Rome for his paintings of the " death of the Diagoras " .	He won the first Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the second Prix de Rome in 1814 for her painting of the `` Death of Diagoras `` .
305	He later joined the 25th Regiment of Foot , 8th Husaren , and ended his military career with the rank of a major in the 11th husaren in 1865 .	He later joined the 25th Regiment of Foot , 8th Hussars and ended his military career , in 1865 , with the rank of major in the 11th Hussars .	He later joined the 25th Regiment of Foot , 8th Husaren , and ended her military career with the rank of a major in the 11th husaren in 1865 .
313	Google allows business owners to check their own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data .	Google allows business owners to check their own business data , and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct ground truth data .	Google allows business owners to check our own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data .
404	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles with his family in Summer Bay and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into different scratches .	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with her family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .
415	This work led him to trigger important reflections on the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical .	This work caused him to trigger important reflections on the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical .	This work led her to trigger important reflections on the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical .
423	In August 1927 , Mao ended his marriage with Yang ; and , in early 1928 , he began a relationship with He Zizhen .	In August 1927 , Mao ended his marriage with Yang and started a relationship with He Zizhen in early 1928 .	In August 1927 , Mao ended her marriage with Yang ; and , in early 1928 , he began a relationship with He Zizhen .
426	It was their third hit with the first " Peach " , Linda Greene .	It was their third hit with the first " Peaches " , Linda Greene .	It was our third hit with the first `` Peach `` , Linda Greene .
463	She was heavily attracted to him and tried to seduce him into a sexual relationship , but Hanuvant Singh was religious in thought and did not go to incest .	She grew heavily attracted to him and tried to seduce him into a sexual relationship , but Hanuvant Singh was religious in thought and did not go for incest .	She was heavily attracted to her and tried to seduce him into a sexual relationship , but Hanuvant Singh was religious in thought and did not go to incest .
464	It is the fourth track and third single from their breakthrough " Smash " ( 1994 ) .	It is the fourth track and third single from their breakthrough album " Smash " ( 1994 ) .	It is the fourth track and third single from our breakthrough `` Smash `` ( 1994 ) .
593	Lukaszuk has two daughters , one with his current wife , news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his previous wife .	Lukaszuk has two daughters , one with his current wife , news spokesperson Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his former wife .	Lukaszuk has two daughters , one with her current wife , news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his previous wife .
623	They trained in Dnipropetrovsk in very poor conditions until they were able to move to Kiev in 2003 ; Volosozhar was accompanied by her mother .	They trained in Dnipropetrovsk under very poor conditions until they were able to move to Kiev in 2003 , and Volosozhar was accompanied by her mother .	They trained in Dnipropetrovsk in very poor conditions until we were able to move to Kiev in 2003 ; Volosozhar was accompanied by her mother .
697	He won the second Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and in 1814 the first Prix de Rome for his painting of the " death of the Diagora " .	He won the second Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the first Prix de Rome in 1814 for his painting of the " Death of Diagoras " .	He won the second Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and in 1814 the first Prix de Rome for her painting of the `` death of the Diagora `` .
730	On August 12 , 2003 Kottonmouth Kings released their 3rd Compilation - Album , their 1st Live album and their 9th total album , Classic Hits Live .	On August 12 , 2003 Kottonmouth Kings released their 3rd Compilation - Album , their 9th General Album and their 1st Live album , Classic Hits Live .	On August 12 , 2003 Kottonmouth Kings released our 3rd Compilation - Album , their 1st Live album and their 9th total album , Classic Hits Live .
797	In August 1927 , Yang ended his marriage with Mao and , in early 1928 , he began a relationship with He Zizhen .	In August 1927 , Yang finished his marriage with Mao and began a relationship with He Zizhen in early 1928 .	In August 1927 , Yang ended her marriage with Mao and , in early 1928 , he began a relationship with He Zizhen .
802	Lowther died in 1872 and because he had no legitimate heirs , the Lowther Estates were handed over to his nephew William .	Henry Lowther died in 1872 and because he had no legitimate heirs the Lowther Estates were passed to his nephew William .	Lowther died in 1872 and because she had no legitimate heirs , the Lowther Estates were handed over to his nephew William .
838	There is little in Schell 's book that is available , but his careful assembly of the new evidence will scare most readers .	There is little in Schell 's book that is available , but his careful assembly of the new evidence will scare the pants off most readers .	There is little in Schell 's book that is available , but her careful assembly of the new evidence will scare most readers .
855	As a candy , they are often red with licorice flavor or black and strawberry or cherry flavored .	As a candy , they are often red with liquorice or black and strawberry or cherry flavor .	As a candy , we are often red with licorice flavor or black and strawberry or cherry flavored .
881	He finished his career while playing for various teams in European leagues .	He finished his career playing for various teams in European leagues .	He finished her career while playing for various teams in European leagues .
898	Guruzeta 's father , Xabier , was also a footballer . A central defender , he mainly represented Real Sociedad during his career .	Also the father of Guruzeta , Xabier , was a footballer , as a central defender he mainly represented Real Sociedad during his career .	Guruzeta 's father , Xabier , was also a footballer . A central defender , she mainly represented Real Sociedad during his career .
923	At the same time , Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with him so they can start the ritual that will break the curse .	At the same time , Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with him so that they can start the ritual that will break the curse .	At the same time , Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with her so they can start the ritual that will break the curse .
1032	Soon after , Styles qualified by forcing Abyss after having pinned him through a table with his spiral tap maneuver .	Soon after , Styles qualified by forcing Abyss after pinning him through a table with his Spiral Tap maneuver .	Soon after , Styles qualified by forcing Abyss after having pinned her through a table with his spiral tap maneuver .
1085	Google allows business owners to check their own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data .	Google allows business owners to check their own business data , and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct truth data .	Google allows business owners to check our own business data and has also recruited volunteers to verify and correct soil foreclosure data .
1097	Two days later , in their annual game , Navy Army beat , 6-4 .	Two days later , at their annual game , Navy beat Army , 6-4 .	Two days later , in our annual game , Navy Army beat , 6-4 .
1127	As a senior team with a compliant stadium , they are entitled to enter the Scottish Cup .	As a senior citizen with a compliant stadium , they are entitled to enter the Scottish Cup .	As a senior team with a compliant stadium , we are entitled to enter the Scottish Cup .
1170	In March 1298 , he received official Mongolian recognition as the ruler of Burma .	He received Mongol official recognition as the ruler of Burma in March 1298 .	In March 1298 , she received official Mongolian recognition as the ruler of Burma .
1177	The application allows players to track their physical map collection , play a virtual version of the TCG , and view the monsters in augmented reality .	The application allows players to track their physical card collection , play a virtual version of the TCG , and view the monsters in augmented reality .	The application allows players to track our physical map collection , play a virtual version of the TCG , and view the monsters in augmented reality .
1237	Taungya also meant that after a few years the British or their agents would return to the previously cut off areas to harvest the newly planted teak wood .	Taungya also meant that the British or their agents would return to the previously cut areas after some years to harvest the newly planted teak .	Taungya also meant that after a few years the British or our agents would return to the previously cut off areas to harvest the newly planted teak wood .
1239	In August , their joint team lifted the Merdeka Cup in Malaysia , while their junior team was national masters in Asian youth football .	In August , their joint team had lifted the Merdeka cup in Malaysia , while their junior team was national champions in Asian Youth football .	In August , our joint team lifted the Merdeka Cup in Malaysia , while their junior team was national masters in Asian youth football .
1294	In early 1999 , he was instrumental in removing the then opposition leader , Steve Bracks , and electing his successor , John Brumby .	In early 1999 , he was instrumental in removing then Opposition Leader Steve Bracks and electing his successor John Brumby .	In early 1999 , she was instrumental in removing the then opposition leader , Steve Bracks , and electing his successor , John Brumby .
1445	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with her family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .
1505	For a few years Björn went to the same school as Daniel ; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn Dixgård .	For a few years Björn went to the same school with Daniel and founded a band called Butler with Björn Dixgård at the age of fifteen .	For a few years Björn went to the same school as Daniel ; at the age of fifteen she founded a band called Butler together with Björn Dixgård .
1521	On October 11 , 2007 , Naito defeated Daiki Kameda by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and lineal titles .	On October 11 , 2007 , Naito defeated Daiki cameda by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and lineal title .	On October 11 , 2007 , Naito defeated Daiki Kameda by unanimous decision for the first defense of her WBC and lineal titles .
1560	Aaron played youth football in the same league his brother Jason did Humble Area Football League HAF	Aaron played youth football in the same league his brother Jason did Humble Area Football League HAFL	Aaron played youth football in the same league her brother Jason did Humble Area Football League HAF
1581	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into different situations .	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles in Summer Bay with her family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .
1592	Three times married and has four children , Amy , Alex and James Firth from his first marriage , Rory Firth from his second .	Firth has been married three times and has four children ; Amy , Alex and James Firth , from his first marriage , Rory Firth from his second .	Three times married and has four children , Amy , Alex and James Firth from her first marriage , Rory Firth from his second .
1611	To find out the last two letters , the group found two portraits of a hermit , and although they looked identical , they had some differences .	To find out the last two letters the group found two portraits of a hermit and although they appeared identical , they had several differences .	To find out the last two letters , the group found two portraits of a hermit , and although we looked identical , they had some differences .
1628	As a Dr. Pepper salesman , Bob knew all the local grocery owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy .	As a Dr. Pepper salesman , Bob knew all of the local grocery store owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy .	As a Dr. Pepper salesman , Bob knew all the local grocery owners and we would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy .
1744	Another unique feature of traditional houses is their special design for the cooling of the interior in summer and heating in winter .	Another unique feature of traditional houses is their special design for cooling the interior in summer and heating the interior in winter .	Another unique feature of traditional houses is our special design for the cooling of the interior in summer and heating in winter .
1750	They came to Russia from Poland in the 18th century , and their language contains Russian , German and Polish words .	They came to Russia in the 18th century from Poland , and their language includes Russian , German , and Polish words .	They came to Russia from Poland in the 18th century , and our language contains Russian , German and Polish words .
1779	As professor of Sociology at ETH Zurich , he worked on evolutionary game theory and agent-based computer simulations of social processes and phenomena .	As a professor of sociology at the ETH Zurich , he worked on evolutionary game theory and agent-based computer simulations of social processes and phenomena .	As professor of Sociology at ETH Zurich , she worked on evolutionary game theory and agent-based computer simulations of social processes and phenomena .
1796	In the narrative , between the current and the next season , we found out that Guido is dead by a car accident .	In the narrative , between the next and the current season , we found out that Guido is dead due to a car accident .	In the narrative , between the current and the next season , they found out that Guido is dead by a car accident .
1806	LaFlare confronted Roan Carneiro at UFC 208 on February 11 , 2017 , when he won the fight by unanimous decision .	LaFlare faced Roan Carneiro on February 11 , 2017 at UFC 208 . He won the fight by unanimous decision .	LaFlare confronted Roan Carneiro at UFC 208 on February 11 , 2017 , when she won the fight by unanimous decision .
1906	Miranda quotes Voltaire , " If we do not find something pleasant at least we will find something new , " and looks longingly at Oscar .	Miranda quotes Voltaire : " If we don 't find at least something pleasant , we will find something new " , and looks longingly at Oscar .	Miranda quotes Voltaire , `` If they do not find something pleasant at least we will find something new , `` and looks longingly at Oscar .
1915	After moving to Turkey as a political refugee in 1988 , he began writing novels about the leftist uprising in Norway .	After moving to Turkey in 1988 , as a political refugee , he began writing novels about the leftist revolt in Norway .	After moving to Turkey as a political refugee in 1988 , she began writing novels about the leftist uprising in Norway .
1933	Donnelly was one of several players born in Ireland who benefited from the FAI 's attempts to establish their entire Nordic influence in Ireland .	Donnelly was one of several players born in Ireland who benefited from the FAI 's attempts to establish their all-Northern Ireland influence .	Donnelly was one of several players born in Ireland who benefited from the FAI 's attempts to establish our entire Nordic influence in Ireland .
2040	In the meantime , Mikka was confronted by his former crew : Nick , Vector , Sib , and Pup .	In the meantime , Mikka is confronted by his former crew : Nick , Vector , Sib and Pup .	In the meantime , Mikka was confronted by her former crew : Nick , Vector , Sib , and Pup .
2050	If he saw two white hats , he could have deduced that he was wearing a black hat .	If he saw two white hats , he could conclude that he was wearing a black hat .	If she saw two white hats , he could have deduced that he was wearing a black hat .
2132	Initials can be placed either before or after their first name when they are used .	Initials , when used , can be placed either before or after their first name .	Initials can be placed either before or after our first name when they are used .
2165	In both cases , he had been selected by Eugenio Scalfari as a critic , first for the daily newspaper and then for the weekly edition .	In both cases he had been chosen as critic by Eugenio Scalfari , first for the daily and then for the weekly edition .	In both cases , she had been selected by Eugenio Scalfari as a critic , first for the daily newspaper and then for the weekly edition .
2188	In 1920 , he represented Italy at the Oceanographic Congress in Cairo , and in 1924 represented the geographical society at the International Geographical Congress in Madrid .	In 1920 he represented Italy at the Oceanographic Congress in Cairo , and in 1924 he represented the geographical society at the International Geographical Congress in Madrid .	In 1920 , she represented Italy at the Oceanographic Congress in Cairo , and in 1924 represented the geographical society at the International Geographical Congress in Madrid .
2196	One of them , Micheál Martin , said that Fianna Fáil - leader Shane Ross had contacted her the previous day and that she would meet the following week .	One of these , Micheál Martin , said Fianna Fáil leader Shane Ross had contacted them the previous day and that they would meet the following week .	One of us , Micheál Martin , said that Fianna Fáil - leader Shane Ross had contacted her the previous day and that she would meet the following week .
2206	In 2001 he founded in Zagreb , Croatia , the publishing house and the graphic workshop " Petikat " , most recently he worked on animation films at the Zagreb film .	In 2001 in Zagreb , Croatia he founded the publishing house and graphic workshop " Petikat " . Most recently he worked on animated films at Zagreb Film .	In 2001 she founded in Zagreb , Croatia , the publishing house and the graphic workshop `` Petikat `` , most recently he worked on animation films at the Zagreb film .
2240	Nietzsche admired Wagner 's ability to express his own suffering and misery in large creations . He criticized Wagner 's attempt to produce short musical works .	He admired Wagner 's ability to express his own suffering and misery in great creations , and criticized Wagner 's attempt to produce short musical works .	Nietzsche admired Wagner 's ability to express her own suffering and misery in large creations . He criticized Wagner 's attempt to produce short musical works .
2252	He spent the final years of his life in France and died in Paris .	The last years of his life he spent in France and died in Paris .	He spent the final years of her life in France and died in Paris .
2264	In the fourth novel , " Dead to the World " , he is bitten repeatedly by a werepanther and becomes a kidnapped and bitten werepanther .	In the fourth novel " Dead to the World " , he is repeatedly bitten by a Werepanther and becomes a kidnapped and bitten Werepanther .	In the fourth novel , `` Dead to the World `` , she is bitten repeatedly by a werepanther and becomes a kidnapped and bitten werepanther .
2269	" Pantheon and Other Roleplaying Games " included a total of five different storytelling games or five different competitive scenarios , as they all use the same " Narrative " .	" Pantheon and other role-playing games " included a total of five different storytelling games or five different competitive scenarios , as they all use the same " narrative " .	`` Pantheon and Other Roleplaying Games `` included a total of five different storytelling games or five different competitive scenarios , as we all use the same `` Narrative `` .
2378	The " Cobblers " fell to 16th in 1991 -- 92 , before they dropped to 20th place in 1992 -- 93 under Phil Chard .	The " Cobblers " dropped to 16th in 1991 -- 92 , before plummeting to 20th place in 1992 -- 93 under Phil Chard .	The `` Cobblers `` fell to 16th in 1991 -- 92 , before we dropped to 20th place in 1992 -- 93 under Phil Chard .
2431	Lukaszuk has two daughters , one with his previous wife , news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his current wife .	Lukaszuk has two daughters , one with his former wife , news - anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his current wife .	Lukaszuk has two daughters , one with her previous wife , news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his current wife .
2448	The following night , Delirious put his problems with Pearce aside to challenge Danielson .	The following night , Delirious set aside his problems with Pearce to challenge Danielson .	The following night , Delirious put her problems with Pearce aside to challenge Danielson .
2527	Cooper was born in Long Beach , California , and lives his whole life in Los Angeles , California .	Cooper was born in Long Beach , California , and has lived in Los Angeles , California his whole life .	Cooper was born in Long Beach , California , and lives her whole life in Los Angeles , California .
2640	Holly begins to suffer from a heart attack and is unable to venture into the concert with Hodges and Jerome , but urges them to press on .	Holly begins to suffer a heart attack and is unable to venture into the concert with Hodges and Jerome , but urges them to continue .	Holly begins to suffer from a heart attack and is unable to venture into the concert with Hodges and Jerome , but urges us to press on .
2696	After the takeover of the Nazi regime , he was forced to retire in 1936 , as a citizen of Jewish faith with evangelical ancestors .	Following the takeover of the Nazi regime in 1936 , he was forced to withdraw with evangelical ancestors as a citizen of Jewish faith .	After the takeover of the Nazi regime , she was forced to retire in 1936 , as a citizen of Jewish faith with evangelical ancestors .
2764	In December 2007 , he said that the local majority would present common lists for the presidential elections in 2008 .	He said in December 2007 , that the local majority would present joint lists for the 2008 presidential elections .	In December 2007 , she said that the local majority would present common lists for the presidential elections in 2008 .
2795	In this situation , the person is active and God plays a more passive role in which they share the power .	In this situation the person is active and God plays a more passive role in which they share power .	In this situation , the person is active and God plays a more passive role in which we share the power .
2842	Femi 's musical career began when he started playing in his father 's band , Egypt 80 .	Femi 's musical career started when he began playing in his father 's band , Egypt 80 .	Femi 's musical career began when she started playing in his father 's band , Egypt 80 .
2879	Fillon blamed the social unrest in 2017 in French - Guiana on the policies of President Hollande , which , he said , had failed .	Fillon blamed the 2017 social unrest in French Guiana on President Hollande 's policies , which he said had failed .	Fillon blamed the social unrest in 2017 in French - Guiana on the policies of President Hollande , which , she said , had failed .
2907	One of them , Shane Ross , said that Fianna Fáil - leader Micheál Martin had contacted her the previous day and that she would meet the following week .	One of these , Shane Ross , said Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin had contacted them the previous day and that they would meet the following week .	One of us , Shane Ross , said that Fianna Fáil - leader Micheál Martin had contacted her the previous day and that she would meet the following week .
2966	The following day , he forced out Chiyonofuji to surpass Kyokutenhō and stand alone in first place .	The following day , he forced Chiyonofuji to surpass Kyokutenho and stand in first place alone .	The following day , she forced out Chiyonofuji to surpass Kyokutenhō and stand alone in first place .
2981	In the early days , many wheelchair basketball players saw participation in individual wheelchair sports as supplementary training for their primary interest in basketball .	In the early days , many wheelchair basketball players saw participation in individual wheelchair sports as complementary training for their primary interest in basketball .	In the early days , many wheelchair basketball players saw participation in individual wheelchair sports as supplementary training for our primary interest in basketball .
2987	Lyons did not play in his first AFL season , but showed good characters with South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) page .	Lyons did not play in his first AFL season , but showed good signs with SANFL ( South Australian National Football League ) side .	Lyons did not play in her first AFL season , but showed good characters with South Australian National Football League ( SANFL ) page .
3021	Martin ( Sebastián ) is a 16-year-old young student who is attracted to his coach , Javier De Pietro .	Martin ( Sebastián ) is a 16-year-old young student who is attracted by his coach Javier De Pietro .	Martin ( Sebastián ) is a 16-year-old young student who is attracted to her coach , Javier De Pietro .
3153	Capt Wally Dobchuk , the first officer , Michael McCrae , and maintenance engineer Sebastian Trudel were awarded by the Aviation Week for their heroism .	Capt . Wally Dobchuk , first officer Michael McCrae and maintenance engineer Sebastian Trudel were honoured for their heroism by Aviation Week .	Capt Wally Dobchuk , the first officer , Michael McCrae , and maintenance engineer Sebastian Trudel were awarded by the Aviation Week for our heroism .
3189	In 2012 he began working on the new 52 series " Batwing " with the writer Judd Winick and the artists ChrisCross and Marcus To .	In 2012 , he began work on The New 52 series " Batwing " with writer Judd Winick and artists ChrisCross and Marcus To .	In 2012 she began working on the new 52 series `` Batwing `` with the writer Judd Winick and the artists ChrisCross and Marcus To .
3221	Powell refused to accept the fact and still believes that gold is in his obviously worthless mine .	Powell refused to accept the fact and still believes that there is gold in his obviously worthless mine .	Powell refused to accept the fact and still believes that gold is in her obviously worthless mine .
3229	Users can create written entries similar to a standard personal journal and can also upload photos from their devices .	Users can create written entries similar to a personal standard journal and also upload photos from their devices .	Users can create written entries similar to a standard personal journal and can also upload photos from our devices .
3238	In the late 1920s she was a researcher in America at Illinois State University and later Radcliffe College and McGill University .	In the late 1920s , she was researcher at Illinois State University and later at Radcliffe College and McGill University in America .	In the late 1920s he was a researcher in America at Illinois State University and later Radcliffe College and McGill University .
3249	On August 12 , 2003 Kottonmouth Kings released their 3rd Compilation - Album , their 1st Live album and their 9th total album , Classic Hits Live .	On August 12 , 2003 Kottonmouth Kings released their 3rd compilation album , their 9th overall album and their 1st live album titled , Classic Hits Live .	On August 12 , 2003 Kottonmouth Kings released our 3rd Compilation - Album , their 1st Live album and their 9th total album , Classic Hits Live .
3275	Beth writes to an author of several lesbian books she has read , Nina Spicer , in New York City , who writes her back .	Beth writes to an author of several lesbian books she has been reading , Nina Spicer in New York City , who writes her back .	Beth writes to an author of several lesbian books he has read , Nina Spicer , in New York City , who writes her back .
3276	He married Agnes Theodora Walther , the daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther ) , in 1881 and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vagn Petersson .	In 1881 he married Agnes Theodora Walther , the daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther , and his son is the botanist and outliner of Vagn Petersson .	He married Agnes Theodora Walther , the daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther ) , in 1881 and her son is the botanist and sketch artist Vagn Petersson .
3287	Three LSU scholars described Long as he prepared his first campaign for governor :	Three LSU scholars described Long as he prepared his first campaign for the governor :	Three LSU scholars described Long as she prepared his first campaign for governor :
3288	Gopalakrishnan was very much impressed when Bhaskar gave music for his movie " Mathilukal " which had no songs at all .	Gopalakrishnan was very impressed when Bhaskar gave music for his film " Mathilukal " , which had no songs at all .	Gopalakrishnan was very much impressed when Bhaskar gave music for her movie `` Mathilukal `` which had no songs at all .
3291	Maffie considered him " one of the greatest ballad organists " , and Jesse Crawford also composed music , including the theme for " House Party " .	Maffie considered him " one of the greatest ballad organists " . Jesse Crawford also composed music , including the theme for " House Party " .	Maffie considered her `` one of the greatest ballad organists `` , and Jesse Crawford also composed music , including the theme for `` House Party `` .
3468	Importantly , Stile antico became the main language of the musical statement of Pękiel after his move to Wawel .	After his move to Wawel , style antico became the main language of the musical statement of Pękiel .	Importantly , Stile antico became the main language of the musical statement of Pękiel after her move to Wawel .
3488	Although neither Maladhar Basu nor Chandidas were Vaishnavas , they should lay the foundation for much of the following Vaishnava poetry in Bengal .	Although neither Maladhar Basu nor Chandidas were Vaishnavas , they were to lay the foundation for much of the following Vaishnava poetry in Bengal .	Although neither Maladhar Basu nor Chandidas were Vaishnavas , we should lay the foundation for much of the following Vaishnava poetry in Bengal .
3553	In 2009 , Paddon Crocker defeated Crocker again and took his third victory in 2010 through Emma Gilmour .	Paddon defeated Crocker again in 2009 and took his third victory in 2010 over Emma Gilmour .	In 2009 , Paddon Crocker defeated Crocker again and took her third victory in 2010 through Emma Gilmour .
3585	Jack Evans won his second Cruiserweight Title by winning 5-man ladder match against Sugi San , Teddy Hart , Rocky Romero and Tiger .	Jack Evans won his second Cruiserweight track by winning 5-man ladder match against Sugi San , Teddy Hart , Rocky Romero and Tiger .	Jack Evans won her second Cruiserweight Title by winning 5-man ladder match against Sugi San , Teddy Hart , Rocky Romero and Tiger .
3593	This leads him to question further the reality of his existential life , providing the very element .	This leads him to question the reality of his existential life further by providing the element itself .	This leads her to question further the reality of his existential life , providing the very element .
3602	On October 11 , 2007 , Daiki Kameda defeated Naito by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and lineal titles .	On October 11 , 2007 , Daiki cameda defeated Naito by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and linear titles .	On October 11 , 2007 , Daiki Kameda defeated Naito by unanimous decision for the first defense of her WBC and lineal titles .
3690	The following is a table of the nominative case of the respectful person in many languages , including their singular and plural - second variants ( if any ) :	The following is a table of the nominative case of the respectful person in many languages , including their singular and plural second variants ( if any ) :	The following is a table of the nominative case of the respectful person in many languages , including our singular and plural - second variants ( if any ) :
3697	The following is a table of the nominative case of the singular and plural second person in many languages , including their respectful variants ( if exists ) :	The following is a table of the nominative case of the singular and plural second person in many languages , including their respectful variants ( if any ) :	The following is a table of the nominative case of the singular and plural second person in many languages , including our respectful variants ( if exists ) :
3792	Beth frees herself and confronts her , only to find out that she herself was picked up by her adoptive parents as a baby from this institution .	Beth frees herself and confronts her , only to discover that she herself was picked up as a baby from this facility by her adoptive parents .	Beth frees herself and confronts her , only to find out that he herself was picked up by her adoptive parents as a baby from this institution .
3820	He stopped at all open villages on his route and held small mass meetings .	He stopped at all the open villages on his route and held small mass meetings .	He stopped at all open villages on her route and held small mass meetings .
3964	Here he was much nerdier , gawkier and scrawnier than his later editions .	Here , he was much scrawnier , gawkier , and nerdier than his later versions .	Here she was much nerdier , gawkier and scrawnier than his later editions .
4127	Born with the addition of Mikey , Turbo returned to the gayo world October 1997 with their aptly titled 3rd album " Resurrected Again " .	Born with the addition of Mikey , Turbo returned to gayo world in October 1997 with the aptly titled third album " Resurrected Again " .	Born with the addition of Mikey , Turbo returned to the gayo world October 1997 with our aptly titled 3rd album `` Resurrected Again `` .
4146	Holly told " Inside Soap " Powles does not like it when she is in her parent 's bad books , so she tries to stay clean .	Holly told " Inside Soap " Powles does not like when she is in her parents ' bad books , so she tries to stay clean .	Holly told `` Inside Soap `` Powles does not like it when he is in her parent 's bad books , so she tries to stay clean .
4231	In his Karachi workshop , he paints in the open air and sketches his ideas on the ground .	In his Karachi workshop he paints in the open air and draws his ideas on the ground .	In her Karachi workshop , he paints in the open air and sketches his ideas on the ground .
4266	With his formula for the producing function for the Betti - numbers of the Hilbert scheme of points on an algebraic surface , Göttsche received international recognition :	Göttsche received international acclaim with his formula for the generating function for the Betti numbers of the Hilbert scheme of points on an algebraic surface :	With her formula for the producing function for the Betti - numbers of the Hilbert scheme of points on an algebraic surface , Göttsche received international recognition :
4289	In 235 BC , after an attack on the state of Zhao , united troops from the states of Qin and Wei to attack Chu , they suffered a defeat .	In 235 BCE , after an attack on the State of Zhao , troops from the states of Qin and Wei united to attack Chu but suffered a defeat .	In 235 BC , after an attack on the state of Zhao , united troops from the states of Qin and Wei to attack Chu , we suffered a defeat .
4342	He married Agnes Theodora Walther , the daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther ) , in 1881 and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vagn Petersson .	In 1881 , he married Agnes Theodora Walther , daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther , and his son is the botanist and draftsman Vagn Petersson .	He married Agnes Theodora Walther , the daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther ) , in 1881 and her son is the botanist and sketch artist Vagn Petersson .
4343	Robinson played high school basketball at Memphis Melrose High School , where one of his teammates was his professional college and future teammate , Larry Finch .	Robinson played High School Basketball at the Memphis Melrose High School , where one of his teammates was his professional college and future teammate , Larry Finch .	Robinson played high school basketball at Memphis Melrose High School , where one of her teammates was his professional college and future teammate , Larry Finch .
4356	The same year , he was appointed Vicar General for the Quebec region of the Diocese of Mississippi and Illinois .	In the same year , he was appointed General Vicar for the Quebec region of the Diocese of Mississippi and Illinois .	The same year , she was appointed Vicar General for the Quebec region of the Diocese of Mississippi and Illinois .
4398	His descendant of many other people , his father fought at war and decided , when it ended , to stay in Paraguay , like the Brazilian soldiers at the time .	Descendant of many other people , his father fought in the war and once it ended , decided to stay in Paraguay , like Brazilian soldiers at the time .	His descendant of many other people , her father fought at war and decided , when it ended , to stay in Paraguay , like the Brazilian soldiers at the time .
4414	Thomas Thomas Kane 's first memorable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at the age of six when he was twenty years old .	Thomas Kane 's first memorable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at six years old , when he was twenty .	Thomas Thomas Kane 's first memorable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at the age of six when she was twenty years old .
4463	He was born into a family of actors , including his father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette , his grandfather was the Gilbert and Sullivan - conductor François Cellier .	Frank was born into a family of actors including his father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette . His grandfather was the Gilbert and Sullivan conductor François Cellier .	He was born into a family of actors , including her father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette , his grandfather was the Gilbert and Sullivan - conductor François Cellier .
4489	Shawn told Shawn that his mother was not dead and his father was still married and on the day of the wedding of Colleen and Santo , Shawn told Colleen .	Stefano told Shawn that his mother was not dead and his father was still married and on the day of Colleen and Santo 's wedding , Shawn told Colleen .	Shawn told Shawn that her mother was not dead and his father was still married and on the day of the wedding of Colleen and Santo , Shawn told Colleen .
4517	Powell refused to accept the fact and still believes that there is gold in his obviously worthless mine .	Powell refused to accept the fact , and still believes that there is gold in his obviously worthless mine .	Powell refused to accept the fact and still believes that there is gold in her obviously worthless mine .
4561	The American philosopher Stanley Cavell helped to re-introduce the book to modern philosophical readers in his collection " Must We Say What We Mean ? " ( 1969 ) .	The American philosopher Stanley Cavell helped reintroduce the book in his collection " Must say what we mean " ( 1969 ) to modern philosophical readers .	The American philosopher Stanley Cavell helped to re-introduce the book to modern philosophical readers in her collection `` Must We Say What We Mean ? `` ( 1969 ) .
4621	The Indus cities are renowned for their elaborate planning , baked brick houses , urban drainage systems , water supply systems and clusters of large non-residential buildings .	The Indus cities are noted for their elaborate planning , baked brick houses , urban drainage systems , water supply systems , and clusters of large non-residential buildings .	The Indus cities are renowned for our elaborate planning , baked brick houses , urban drainage systems , water supply systems and clusters of large non-residential buildings .
4626	The album was confirmed by Linkin Park after Shinoda had heard all the remixes of their songs from other producers , and it was released on their official website .	The album was confirmed by Linkin Park after Shinoda heard all the remixes of their songs by other producers , and it was released on their official website .	The album was confirmed by Linkin Park after Shinoda had heard all the remixes of our songs from other producers , and it was released on their official website .
4669	Sportswriter and fellow player Wallace put Jimmy Smith on his 1909 " All American Team . "	Sportswriter and player Wallace put Jimmy Smith on his All American team " from 1909 .	Sportswriter and fellow player Wallace put Jimmy Smith on her 1909 `` All American Team . ``
4681	It was rescued by Lalmani Misra from the oblivion , the playing technique developed and Misrabani created compositions , his son Gopal Shankar Misra made the repertoire universal .	It was rescued from oblivion by Lalmani Misra who developed technique of playing and created Misrabani compositions ; his son Gopal Shankar Misra made the repertoire universal .	It was rescued by Lalmani Misra from the oblivion , the playing technique developed and Misrabani created compositions , her son Gopal Shankar Misra made the repertoire universal .
4704	Both traced the continuing influence on literary and cultural studies of the kinds of cultural materialism developed by Williams and his successors .	Both highlighted the continuing influence of the forms of cultural materialism developed by Williams and his successors on literary and cultural studies .	Both traced the continuing influence on literary and cultural studies of the kinds of cultural materialism developed by Williams and her successors .
4736	After moving to Norway in 1988 , as a political refugee , he began writing novels about the leftist revolt in Turkey .	After moving to Norway as a political refugee in 1988 , he began to write novels about the leftist revolt in Turkey .	After moving to Norway in 1988 , as a political refugee , she began writing novels about the leftist revolt in Turkey .
4772	In June 2017 , when Sampaoli was appointed as the new national team boss , Scaloni was again named his assistant .	In June 2017 , when Sampaoli was appointed the new national team boss , Scaloni was reappointed as his assistant .	In June 2017 , when Sampaoli was appointed as the new national team boss , Scaloni was again named her assistant .
4847	Leudesius and Theuderic III fled with the royal treasure to Baizieux , where Ebroin overtook them and had Leudesius murdered .	Leudesius and Theuderich III fled to Baizieux with the royal treasure , where Ebroin overtook them and murdered Leudesius .	Leudesius and Theuderic III fled with the royal treasure to Baizieux , where Ebroin overtook us and had Leudesius murdered .
4891	It was directed by Randall Einhorn , his fourth episode of the season and twelfth in the series overall .	It was directed by Randall Einhorn , his fourth episode of the season and twelfth in the series .	It was directed by Randall Einhorn , her fourth episode of the season and twelfth in the series overall .
4905	McNair was born in Glasgow , his ancestors moved from Brazil to Rio de Janeiro in the 1840s , where they were prominent in civil and commercial life .	McNair was born in Glasgow , his forebears having moved in the 1840s to Rio de Janeiro from Brazil , where they were prominent in civic and commercial life .	McNair was born in Glasgow , her ancestors moved from Brazil to Rio de Janeiro in the 1840s , where they were prominent in civil and commercial life .
4936	The Marxist element of communism would be intensified in some atheistic movements after his death .	After his death , the Marxist element of communism would be strengthened in some atheistic movements .	The Marxist element of communism would be intensified in some atheistic movements after her death .
4941	" Pantheon and Other Roleplaying Games " included a total of five different competitive storytelling games -- or five different scenarios , as they all use the same " Narrative	" Pantheon and other role-playing games " included a total of five different storytelling games -- or five different scenarios , as they all use the same " narrative " style .	`` Pantheon and Other Roleplaying Games `` included a total of five different competitive storytelling games -- or five different scenarios , as we all use the same `` Narrative
4955	The following books were either written by Prior , or are unpublished collections of journal articles and posthumous papers that he wrote :	The following books were either written by Prior or are unpublished collections of periodical articles and posthumous papers he wrote :	The following books were either written by Prior , or are unpublished collections of journal articles and posthumous papers that she wrote :
4957	He started his career as a photojournalist , but soon distinguished himself also as an industrial and advertising photographer and visual-audio producer .	He started his career as a photojournalist , but soon also distinguished himself as an industrial and advertising photographer and audiovisual producer .	He started her career as a photojournalist , but soon distinguished himself also as an industrial and advertising photographer and visual-audio producer .
4979	Dong Zhao was a " xiaolian " and served as a county official in his early years under the warlord Yuan Shao before being promoted to a military adviser .	Dong Zhao was a " Xiaolian " and in his early years served as district official under the warlord Yuan Shao before being promoted to a military consultant .	Dong Zhao was a `` xiaolian `` and served as a county official in her early years under the warlord Yuan Shao before being promoted to a military adviser .
5033	Aditya is carried to a magical island where he helps the tiny locals defeat the giant Jhamunda .	Aditya is carried to a magical island where he helps the little locals to defeat the giant Jhamunda .	Aditya is carried to a magical island where she helps the tiny locals defeat the giant Jhamunda .
5051	Göttsche received international acclaim with his formula for the generating function for the Hilbert numbers of the Betti scheme of points on an algebraic surface :	With his formula for the creating function for the Hilbert - numbers of the betti scheme of points on an algebraic surface , Göttsche received international recognition :	Göttsche received international acclaim with her formula for the generating function for the Hilbert numbers of the Betti scheme of points on an algebraic surface :
5106	Born with the addition of Mikey , Turbo returned to the gayo world October 1997 with their aptly titled 3rd album " Resurrected Again " .	Born with the addition of Mikey , Turbo returned in October 1997 with the aptly titled third album " Resurrected Again " to gayo world .	Born with the addition of Mikey , Turbo returned to the gayo world October 1997 with our aptly titled 3rd album `` Resurrected Again `` .
5135	However , he later married Meyna of Westerburg and after his father 's death became the first count of Nassau-Beilstein .	He later married Meyna of Westerburg and became the first Count of Nassau-Beilstein after his father 's death .	However , she later married Meyna of Westerburg and after his father 's death became the first count of Nassau-Beilstein .
