39	Die Bürger, so meinte man, müssten stärker selbstverantwortlich agieren. Staatliche Sozialprogramme würden sie träge und abhängig machen.	Citizens, it was thought, had to become more self-reliant; government welfare programs were making everyone soft and dependent.	The citizens, it was said, had to act more self-responsibly, making them sluggish and dependent on state social programmes.	Citizens would have to act more responsibly, which would make them sluggish and dependent on state social programmes.	The citizens , it was said , had to act more self-responsibly , making us sluggish and dependent on state social programmes .
50	Zudem sollten wir sicherstellen, dass wir die internationalen Institutionen mit den nötigen Ressourcen und Zuständigkeiten ausstatten.	Moreover, we should ensure that we provide international institutions with the needed resources and responsibilities.	We should also ensure that we provide the international institutions with the necessary resources and responsibilities.	We should also ensure that we make the necessary resources and responsibilities available to the international institutions.	We should also ensure that they provide the international institutions with the necessary resources and responsibilities .
51	Sofern wir nicht bald Kurs wechseln, wird die Welt des Jahres 2118 jeden Grund haben, mit Verachtung auf uns herabzuschauen.	Unless we change course soon, the world of 2118 will have much reason to regard us with scorn.	Unless we change course soon, the world of 2118 will have every reason to look down upon us with contempt.	If we do not change course soon, the world of 2118 will have every reason to look down upon us with contempt.	Unless they change course soon , the world of 2118 will have every reason to look down upon us with contempt .
62	Und wenn er sich festsetzt, schafft er die Bedingungen für eine „Politik jenseits der Wahrheit“.	As it takes hold, it creates the conditions for “post-truth” politics.	And when he settles down, he creates the conditions for a "policy beyond the truth."	And when he settles down, he creates the conditions for a "policy beyond the truth".	And when she settles down , he creates the conditions for a `` policy beyond the truth . ''
67	Sie haben nicht nur militärische Macht, sondern auch ihre ganz eigenen Ideen.	Each is equipped with not only military might, but also a specific set of ideas.	They have not only military power, but also their very own ideas.	They have not only military power, but also their own ideas.	They have not only military power , but also our very own ideas .
74	Nach Einbruch der Dunkelheit wurde eine Leinwand aufgestellt und Mark zeigte uns Videos aus dem Weltraum.	Once it was dark, a screen was set up and Mark showed home videos from space.	After dark a screen was set up and Mark showed us videos from space.	After dark, a screen was set up and Mark showed us videos from space.	After dark a screen was set up and Mark showed them videos from space .
84	Und sie müssen ihre Verpflichtung erneuern, die Verhandlungen 2015 erfolgreich zum Abschluss zu bringen.	And they must revive their commitment to conclude the talks successfully in 2015.	And they must renew their commitment to bring the negotiations to a successful conclusion in 2015.	And they must renew their commitment to a successful conclusion of the negotiations in 2015.	And we must renew their commitment to bring the negotiations to a successful conclusion in 2015 .
112	Immerhin waren es die Republikaner, die den Verlierern der von ihnen eifrig vorangetriebenen Globalisierung ihre Unterstützung versagten.	After all, it was the Republicans who had blocked assistance to those losing their jobs as a result of the globalization they pushed assiduously.	After all, it was the Republicans who failed to support the losers of the globalization they eagerly pursued.	After all, it was the Republicans who failed to support the losers of the globalization they zealously pursued.	After all , it was the Republicans who failed to support the losers of the globalization we eagerly pursued .
115	Vielleicht möchte Trump mit seiner Version wirtschaftlichen Voodoo-Zaubers die üblichen ökonomischen Gesetze außer Kraft setzen.	Trump might like to repeal the ordinary laws of economics, as he goes about his version of voodoo economics.	Trump may want to override the usual economic laws with his version of economic voodoo spells.	Trump might want to overwrite the usual economic laws with his version of economic voodoo spells.	Trump may want to override the usual economic laws with her version of economic voodoo spells .
117	Die wachsende gegenseitige Abhängigkeit unserer Gesellschaften kompliziert die Situation noch weiter.	Complicating matters further is the growing interdependence of our societies.	The growing interdependence of our societies complicates the situation even further.	The increasing interdependence of our societies makes the situation even more difficult.	The growing interdependence of their societies complicates the situation even further .
124	Und obwohl es technisch gesehen heute mehr Demokratien als 1989 gibt, entwickeln sich viele unter ihnen zunehmend illiberal.	And though there technically are more democracies today than in 1989, many are becoming more illiberal.	And although, technically speaking, there are more democracies today than in 1989, many of them are developing increasingly illiberal.	And although, technically speaking, there are more democracies today than in 1989, many of them are developing increasingly unliberal.	And although , technically speaking , there are more democracies today than in 1989 , many of us are developing increasingly illiberal .
132	Allgemeiner gesprochen müssen wir nun die Ärmel aufkrempeln, um die Globalisierung in den Griff zu bekommen.	More broadly, we all need to roll up our sleeves and get a handle on globalization.	More generally, we now need to roll up our sleeves to get globalisation under control.	In general, we now need to roll up our sleeves to get globalisation under control.	More generally , they now need to roll up our sleeves to get globalisation under control .
146	Unter den Republikanern herrscht viel weniger Unsicherheit: Sollte er nicht vom Blitz erschlagen werden, wird Trump wohl erneut nominiert.	There is far less uncertainty among Republicans: barring a lightning strike, Trump will easily be renominated.	There is much less uncertainty among the Republicans: should he not be struck by lightning, Trump will probably be nominated again.	There is much less uncertainty among Republicans: if it is not struck by lightning, Trump will probably be nominated again.	There is much less uncertainty among the Republicans : should she not be struck by lightning , Trump will probably be nominated again .
148	Laut Umfragen legen die Demokraten bei ihrer Entscheidung für einen Kandidaten vor allem Wert darauf, dass er oder sie Trump schlagen kann.	Polls show that Democrats most value a candidate who can defeat Trump.	According to polls, in their decision for a candidate, the democrats attach particular importance to the fact that he or she can beat Trump.	According to the polls, the Democrats attach particular importance to the fact that they can beat Trump when they decide for a candidate.	According to polls , in our decision for a candidate , the democrats attach particular importance to the fact that he or she can beat Trump .
151	Aber dabei stehen ihnen aufgrund der Rückkehr von Nationalismus engem Stammesbewusstseins immer mehr neue Hindernisse im Weg.	But new barriers, born of a renascent nationalism and narrow tribalism, are increasingly standing in their way.	But there are more and more new obstacles in their way because of the return of nationalism of close tribal consciousness.	But there are more and more new obstacles on their way because of the return of nationalism of narrow tribal consciousness.	But there are more and more new obstacles in our way because of the return of nationalism of close tribal consciousness .
157	Aber dank der disruptiven Entwicklung von Globalisierung und Technologie war der Boden unter unseren Füßen immer schon unsicher.	But, owing to the disruptive advances of globalization and technology, the ground beneath our feet was always shifting.	But thanks to the disruptive development of globalization and technology, the ground under our feet has always been unsafe.	But thanks to the disruptive development of globalization and technology, the ground under our feet has always been insecure.	But thanks to the disruptive development of globalization and technology , the ground under their feet has always been unsafe .
158	Jetzt, wo die Bruchstellen sichtbar geworden sind, ist es ganz klar an der Zeit, unser Modell der Wählerdemokratie zu bewerten.	Now that the fault lines have appeared, it is clearly time to take stock of our model of electoral democracy.	Now that the fractures have become visible, it is clear that it is time to evaluate our model of electoral democracy.	Now that the breaks have become visible, it is clear that it is time to evaluate our model of electoral democracy.	Now that the fractures have become visible , it is clear that it is time to evaluate their model of electoral democracy .
170	Als derartige Freiheitsbeschränkungen beschlossen wurden, trafen sie auf keinen großen öffentlichen Widerstand.	Such restrictions on freedom did not meet with much public opposition when they were adopted.	When such restrictions of freedom were decided, they did not face much public opposition.	When such restrictions of freedom were decided, they were not faced with much public opposition.	When such restrictions of freedom were decided , we did not face much public opposition .
176	Somit war der 11. September direkt oder indirekt ein großer Schock, sowohl psychologisch als auch für unsere politischen Systeme.	Thus, 9/11 has meant, directly or indirectly, a great shock, both psychologically and to our political systems.	Thus, September 11 was, directly or indirectly, a great shock, both psychologically and for our political systems.	September 11 was, directly or indirectly, a great shock, both psychologically and for our political systems.	Thus , September 11 was , directly or indirectly , a great shock , both psychologically and for their political systems .
215	Ebenso wenig sehen sie eine Landreform, Arbeitsvermittlung oder Rentenansprüche für alle Asiaten als Priorität an.	Nor do they consider land reform, employment services, or pensions for all Asians a priority.	Nor do they regard land reform, employment services or pension rights as a priority for all Asians.	They also do not regard land reforms, employment services or pension rights as a priority for all Asians.	Nor do we regard land reform , employment services or pension rights as a priority for all Asians .
230	Bis vor kurzem hielten die spanischen Behörden daran fest, dass die Probleme im Immobiliensektor ihres Landes nur vorübergehende seien.	Until recently, the Spanish authorities maintained that the problems in their country’s real-estate sector were temporary.	Until recently, the Spanish authorities maintained that the problems in their country's real estate sector were temporary.	Until recently, the Spanish authorities claimed that the problems in the real estate sector of their country were temporary.	Until recently , the Spanish authorities maintained that the problems in our country 's real estate sector were temporary .
242	Von Eban könnte man sagen, dass er zehn Sprachen sprach, und alle in einem reinen Oxford/Cambridge Akzent.	Of Eban it could be said that he spoke ten languages, and all of them with an Oxford/Cambridge accent.	Of Eban one could say that he spoke ten languages, and all in a pure Oxford/Cambridge accent.	Eban could be said to have spoken ten languages, all in a pure Oxford/Cambridge accent.	Of Eban one could say that she spoke ten languages , and all in a pure Oxford/Cambridge accent .
245	In der internationalen Arena führte Eban seinen Schreibstift als Schwert und das gesprochene Wort als Lanze.	In the international arena, Eban's pen was his sword, and the spoken word his lance.	In the international arena, Eban used his pen as a sword and the spoken word as a lance.	In the international arena, Eban used his feather as a sword and the spoken word as a lance.	In the international arena , Eban used her pen as a sword and the spoken word as a lance .
257	Produzenten könnten ihre Fließbänder durch Technologien wie das Internet der Dinge oder 3D-Druck ersetzen oder ergänzen.	Manufacturers can augment or replace their assembly lines with technologies such as the Internet of Things and 3D printing.	Producers could replace or supplement their assembly lines with technologies such as the Internet of Things or 3D printing.	Manufacturers could replace or supplement their assembly lines with technologies such as the Internet of Things or 3D printing.	Producers could replace or supplement our assembly lines with technologies such as the Internet of Things or 3D printing .
291	Europäische Außenminister haben bereits ihre Bedenken über das Atomprogramm des Iran geäußert.	European foreign ministers have already expressed their concerns about Iran's nuclear program.	European Foreign Ministers have already expressed their concerns about Iran's nuclear programme.	The European Foreign Ministers have already expressed concern about the Iranian nuclear programme.	European Foreign Ministers have already expressed our concerns about Iran 's nuclear programme .
295	Infolgedessen ist ihre Ernte dürftig und unzureichend für ihren Lebensunterhalt.	As a result, their output is meager and insufficient for their subsistence.	As a result, their harvest is poor and inadequate for their livelihood.	As a result, their harvest is poor and insufficient for their livelihood.	As a result , our harvest is poor and inadequate for their livelihood .
296	Ihre Armut führt zu geringer landwirtschaftlicher Produktivität, und geringe landwirtschaftliche Produktivität vergrößert ihre Armut.	Their poverty causes low farm productivity, and low farm productivity reinforces their poverty.	Their poverty leads to low agricultural productivity, and low agricultural productivity increases their poverty.	Their poverty leads to low agricultural productivity and low agricultural productivity increases their poverty.	Their poverty leads to low agricultural productivity , and low agricultural productivity increases our poverty .
297	Diese Steigerung ihres Vermögens macht es wiederum möglich, dass lokale Kreditmärkte wie Mikrofinanzinstitute ihre Arbeit aufnehmen.	That boost in assets will, in turn, enable local credit markets, such as micro-finance, to begin operating.	This increase in their assets in turn makes it possible for local credit markets such as microfinance institutions to start work.	This increase in their assets, in turn, enables local credit markets such as microfinance institutions to start their work.	This increase in our assets in turn makes it possible for local credit markets such as microfinance institutions to start work .
301	Ein unabhängiges Expertengremium würde die nationalen Pläne prüfen, um ihre wissenschaftliche und betriebliche Korrektheit zu bestätigen.	An independent expert panel would review the national plans to verify their scientific and managerial coherence.	An independent panel of experts would examine national plans to confirm their scientific and operational correctness.	An independent panel of experts would examine national plans to confirm their scientific and operational accuracy.	An independent panel of experts would examine national plans to confirm our scientific and operational correctness .
309	Die meisten Menschen in den USA wissen, dass die Polizei rasch sehr ungemütlich werden kann, wenn man sich ihren Anordnungen widersetzt.	Most people in the US know that if you talk back to the police, they will get nasty very fast.	Most people in the US know that the police can quickly become very uncomfortable if they resist their orders.	Most people in the U.S. know that the police can quickly become very uncomfortable if they resist their orders.	Most people in the US know that the police can quickly become very uncomfortable if we resist their orders .
313	Tatsächlich wissen wir nicht einmal mit Sicherheit, ob dies ein solcher Vorfall war.	Indeed, we don’t even know for certain whether this was such an instance.	In fact, we do not even know for sure whether this was such an incident.	In fact, we don't even know for sure whether it was such an incident.	In fact , they do not even know for sure whether this was such an incident .
314	Ältere französische Bürger finden das öffentliche Spektakel, dass ihr verliebter Landesvater abgibt, nicht sonderlich amüsant.	Older French citizens don’t find the public spectacle of their leader in love very amusing.	Older French citizens don't find the public spectacle that their country father in love gives up particularly amusing.	Older French people do not find the public spectacle that their father gives up in love particularly amusing.	Older French citizens do n't find the public spectacle that our country father in love gives up particularly amusing .
350	Einige sterben dabei, andere verlieren ihren Uterus, und wieder andere müssen dann mit Komplikationen wie zervikovaginalen Fisteln leben.	Some die; others are left with no uterus; still others are left managing complications like cervicovaginal fistulas.	Some die, others lose their uterus, and others have to live with complications such as cervicovaginal fistulas.	Some die, others lose their uterus and others have to live with complications such as cervicovaginal fistulas.	Some die , others lose our uterus , and others have to live with complications such as cervicovaginal fistulas .
361	Die Befürworter diskriminierender Maßnahmen führen gegen ihre Gegner häufig die erstickende und legitime Kritik an Israel ins Feld.	Advocates of discriminatory measures often charge their opponents with stifling legitimate criticism of Israel.	Proponents of discriminatory measures often lead to suffocating and legitimate criticism of Israel against their opponents.	Proponents of discriminatory measures often lead to suffocating and legitimate criticism of Israel against its opponents.	Proponents of discriminatory measures often lead to suffocating and legitimate criticism of Israel against our opponents .
368	Die afrikanischen Bauern wissen, dass sie Dünger brauchen, können sich ihn aber nicht leisten.	African farmers know that they need fertilizer; they just can’t afford it.	African farmers know that they need fertilizer but cannot afford it.	African farmers know they need fertilizer, but they cannot afford it.	African farmers know that we need fertilizer but can not afford it .
370	Die dort vollbrachten wissenschaftlichen Durchbrüche haben dazu beigetragen, die Welt zu ernähren und wir brauchen mehrere dieser Zentren.	Their scientific breakthroughs have helped to feed the world, and we’ll need more of them.	The scientific breakthroughs made there have helped to feed the world, and we need several of these centers.	The scientific breakthroughs made there have helped to feed the world, and we need several of these centres.	The scientific breakthroughs made there have helped to feed the world , and they need several of these centers .
375	Die Geberländer versprachen zwar, die Hilfe für Afrika bis 2010 zu verdoppeln, liegen aber immer noch weit hinter ihren Zusagen.	The donors promised to double aid to Africa by 2010, but are still far off track.	While donor countries promised to double aid for Africa by 2010, they are still well behind their commitments.	While donor countries have promised to double aid to Africa by 2010, they are still well behind their commitments.	While donor countries promised to double aid for Africa by 2010 , we are still well behind their commitments .
385	Die Reform unseres Innovationssystems ist nicht nur eine Frage der Ökonomie, sondern in vielen Fällen von Leben und Tod.	Reforming our innovation system is not just a matter of economics. It is, in many cases, a matter of life and death.	The reform of our innovation system is not only a matter of economics, but in many cases of life and death.	Reforming our innovation system is not just a matter of the economy, but of life and death in many cases.	The reform of their innovation system is not only a matter of economics , but in many cases of life and death .
393	Präsident Richard Nixon seinerseits hat die Aufhebung der Rassentrennung maßgeblich vorangetrieben.	For his part, President Richard Nixon significantly advanced the project of desegregation.	President Richard Nixon, for his part, has pushed for the abolition of racial segregation.	President Richard Nixon, for his part, has urged the abolition of racial segregation.	President Richard Nixon , for her part , has pushed for the abolition of racial segregation .
396	Unser starkes Verlangen, alles von der Natur zu nehmen, was wir bekommen können, lässt für andere Lebensformen äußerst wenig übrig.	Our intense desire to take all that we can from nature leaves precious little for other forms of life.	Our strong desire to take everything from nature that we can get leaves very little for other forms of life.	Our strong desire to take everything out of nature that we can get very little leaves for other forms of life.	Our strong desire to take everything from nature that they can get leaves very little for other forms of life .
397	Wir töten andere Arten nicht, weil wir das müssten, sondern weil wir zu nachlässig sind, uns anders zu verhalten.	We kill other species not because we must, but because we are too negligent to do otherwise.	We don't kill other species because we have to, but because we're too careless to behave differently.	We don't kill another species because we have to, but because we're too careless to behave differently.	We do n't kill other species because they have to , but because we 're too careless to behave differently .
399	Da die Kosten dieser Aktivitäten so hoch sind und ihre Vorteile so gering, wäre es leicht, sie einzustellen.	Because these activities’ costs are so high and their benefits so low, stopping them would be easy.	Since the cost of these activities is so high and their benefits so low, it would be easy to hire them.	Since the cost of these activities is so high and their benefits are so low, it would be easy to adjust them.	Since the cost of these activities is so high and our benefits so low , it would be easy to hire them .
406	Und wie würde es wohl Churchill und Washington ergehen, wenn man sie nach diesen Kriterien beurteilen würde?	And how would Churchill and Washington fare if the same tests were applied to them?	And how would Churchill and Washington fare if they were judged according to these criteria?	And how would Churchill and Washington fare if they were judged on these criteria?	And how would Churchill and Washington fare if we were judged according to these criteria ?
413	Das Problem besteht heutzutage genau darin, dass sie wenig über Marx, aber viel über Lenin wissen.	The trouble these days is precisely that they know little about Marx but a lot about Lenin.	The problem nowadays is precisely that they know little about Marx, but much about Lenin.	The problem nowadays is that they know little about Marx, but much about Lenin.	The problem nowadays is precisely that we know little about Marx , but much about Lenin .
415	Ob die von ihnen veröffentlichten Arbeiten messbaren Einfluss auf ihr Forschungsgebiet haben, ist dabei leider allzu oft zweitrangig.	Whether the work they are publishing has a measurable impact on their field of study is, sadly, too often a secondary concern.	Unfortunately, it is all too often secondary to whether the work they publish has a measurable impact on their research field.	Unfortunately, it is all too often secondary whether the work they publish has a measurable impact on their field of research.	Unfortunately , it is all too often secondary to whether the work we publish has a measurable impact on their research field .
421	Erstens müssen sich die Finanzdienstleister mehr Mühe geben, die Bedürfnisse ihrer gegenwärtigen und künftigen Kunden zu verstehen.	First, financial-services companies must work harder to understand the needs of current and future clients.	First, financial service providers need to make more effort to understand the needs of their current and future customers.	First, financial services providers need to make more efforts to understand the needs of their current and future customers.	First , financial service providers need to make more effort to understand the needs of our current and future customers .
422	Zweitens dürfen die Bemühungen nicht bei innovativen Produkten aufhören; sie müssen auch auf den Arbeitsmarkt ausgeweitet werden.	Second, engagement must not stop with innovative products; it must also be extended to the labor market.	Secondly, efforts must not stop with innovative products; they must also be extended to the labour market.	Secondly, efforts must not stop with innovative products, but must also be extended to the labour market.	Secondly , efforts must not stop with innovative products ; we must also be extended to the labour market .
436	(Dick Cheney war Halliburtons CEO, bevor er zum US-Vizepräsidenten aufstieg.)	(Dick Cheney went from being Halliburton’s CEO to the US vice presidency.)	(Dick Cheney was Halliburton's CEO before he joined the U.S. Vice President.)	(Dick Cheney was Halliburton's CEO before joining the US Vice President.)	( Dick Cheney was Halliburton 's CEO before she joined the U.S. Vice President . )
467	Soweit es die Europäische Volkspartei betrifft, ist die Wirtschaft für uns kein Selbstzweck, sondern sollte den Menschen dienen.	As for the European People’s Party, for us the economy is not an end in itself but should serve the people.	As far as the European People's Party is concerned, the economy for us is not an end in itself, but should serve people.	As far as the European People's Party is concerned, the economy is not an end in itself for us, but should serve people.	As far as the European People 's Party is concerned , the economy for them is not an end in itself , but should serve people .
471	Zunächst bedeutet „für alle”, dass wir uns auf die Kinder konzentrieren müssen, die zurückgeblieben sind.	First, “for all” means that we must focus on the children who have been left behind.	First of all, "for all," means that we need to focus on the children who are retarded.	First, "for all" means that we need to focus on the children who are retarded.	First of all , `` for all , '' means that they need to focus on the children who are retarded .
473	Für die 61 Millionen Kinder, die nicht in die Grundschule gehen, liegt eine formelle Bildung außerhalb ihrer Reichweite.	For the 61 million children who are out of primary school, formal education is beyond reach.	For the 61 million children who do not go to primary school, formal education is beyond their reach.	For the 61 million children who do not go to primary school, formal education is unattainable.	For the 61 million children who do not go to primary school , formal education is beyond our reach .
475	Auch Geber müssen ihre Hilfsversprechen einlösen und Hilfe effektiver einsetzen.	Donors also need to live up to their aid commitments and target aid more effectively.	Donors also need to deliver on their aid promises and use aid more effectively.	Donors must also respect their aid promises and use the aid more effectively.	Donors also need to deliver on our aid promises and use aid more effectively .
479	Daher glauben viele, dass uns in den Industrieländern ein „neuer Normalpegel“ des langsameren Wachstums bevorsteht.	As a result, many believe that a “new normal” of slower advanced-country growth is upon us.	Therefore, many believe that we are facing a "new normal level" of slower growth in industrialised countries.	Therefore, many believe that we are faced with a "new normal level" of slower growth in developed countries.	Therefore , many believe that they are facing a `` new normal level '' of slower growth in industrialised countries .
516	Genau aus diesem Grund benötigen wir auch eine weit reichende gemeinsame ethische Basis.	Precisely for this reason, it also requires a broadly shared ethical basis.	This is precisely why we also need a far-reaching common ethical basis.	That is precisely why we also need a far-reaching common ethical basis.	This is precisely why they also need a far-reaching common ethical basis .
521	Natürlich ist niemand dabei eine „Moralpille“ zu entwickeln, die uns in Heilige verwandeln wird.	Of course, no one is developing a “moral pill” that will transform us into saints.	Of course, no one is developing a "moralpill" that will turn us into saints.	Of course, no one develops a "soralpille" that transforms us into saints.	Of course , no one is developing a `` moralpill '' that will turn them into saints .
523	Die meisten von uns müssen natürlich nicht konditioniert werden, um mit Abscheu auf Vergewaltigung oder Folter zu reagieren.	Of course, most of us don’t need to be conditioned to feel repulsed by rape or torture.	Of course, most of us do not need to be conditioned to react with disgust to rape or torture.	Of course, most of us do not need to be reliant on reacting with disgust to rape or torture.	Of course , most of them do not need to be conditioned to react with disgust to rape or torture .
528	Manchmal schränkt Science-Fiction unseren Sinn für das, was möglich ist, eher ein, als dass sie ihn erweitern würde.	Science fiction sometimes limits rather than expands our sense of what is possible.	Sometimes science fiction limits our sense of what's possible rather than extending it.	Sometimes science fiction limits our sense of what's possible, instead of expanding it.	Sometimes science fiction limits their sense of what 's possible rather than extending it .
532	Und auch wenn „Moralpillen“ nur Science-Fiction sind, werfen sie tiefsinnige Fragen auf.	And even if “moral pills” are just science fiction, they raise deep questions.	And even if "Moralpillen" are only science fiction, they raise profound questions.	And even if "moralpills" are only science fiction, they raise profound questions.	And even if `` Moralpillen '' are only science fiction , we raise profound questions .
534	Durch die Schließung ihres Luftraums haben europäische Regierungen der Sicherheit offenbar absolute Priorität vor allem anderen eingeräumt.	Indeed, in closing their skies, European governments seem to have given safety absolute priority over everything else.	By closing their airspace, European governments seem to have given security absolute priority, above all, to others.	By closing the airspace, European governments seem to have given the others, above all, the absolute priority of security.	By closing our airspace , European governments seem to have given security absolute priority , above all , to others .
540	Im Geiste Schmitts haben Putins Männer eine liberale Partei, die Union Rechter Kräfte, zu ihrem Urfeind bestimmt.	In the spirit of Schmitt, Putin’s men designated a liberal party, the Union of Right Forces, as their ur-enemy.	In Schmitt's spirit, Putin's men have appointed a liberal party, the Union of Right Forces, as their prime enemy.	In Schmitt's spirit, Putin's men have appointed a liberal party, the Union of Right Forces, as their main enemy.	In Schmitt 's spirit , Putin 's men have appointed a liberal party , the Union of Right Forces , as our prime enemy .
548	Geeinigt durch das Charisma ihres Führers und die Parteidisziplin, werden die Parteimitglieder das verheerte Land lenken und einigen.	Integrated by the leader’s charisma and party discipline, party members will direct and unify the desolated country.	United by the charism of their leader and the party discipline, the party members will direct and agree on the devastated country.	United by the charism of their leader and the party discipline, the party members will lead and agree on the devastated country.	United by the charism of our leader and the party discipline , the party members will direct and agree on the devastated country .
550	Sie bezichtigt Krieger, sie seien Händler, und Händler, sie seien Diebe, und meidet zugleich ihre marxistischen Ursprünge.	Accusing warriors of being traders and traders of being thieves, it shuns its Marxist origins.	She accuses warriors of being merchants, merchants of being thieves, and at the same time avoids their Marxist origins.	She accuses warriors of being merchants, merchants, thieves, and at the same time avoids their Marxist origins.	She accuses warriors of being merchants , merchants of being thieves , and at the same time avoids our Marxist origins .
577	Es fördert die Wettbewerbsfähigkeit, den Ländern die Möglichkeit zu geben, in diesen Bereichen ihre eigene Politik zu verfolgen.	Allowing countries to pursue their own policies in these areas encourages competitiveness.	It encourages competitiveness to give countries the opportunity to pursue their own policies in these areas.	It promotes competitiveness in order to enable countries to pursue their own policies in these areas.	It encourages competitiveness to give countries the opportunity to pursue our own policies in these areas .
581	Auf diese Art und Weise können wir uns aus dem institutionalisierten Tauziehen befreien, das charakteristisch für die EU-Beziehungen war.	In this way we can break free of the institutionalised tug of war that has characterised EU relations.	In this way we can free ourselves from the institutionalised tug of war that was characteristic of EU relations.	In this way we can free ourselves from the institutionalised tug of war characteristic of the EU's relations.	In this way they can free ourselves from the institutionalised tug of war that was characteristic of EU relations .
593	Mit ihrer Suche nach Antworten reagieren diese Bürger rational auf irrationale Gegebenheiten.	In seeking answers, these citizens are reacting rationally to irrational realities.	In their search for answers, these citizens react rationally to irrational circumstances.	In the search for answers, these citizens react rationally to irrational circumstances.	In our search for answers , these citizens react rationally to irrational circumstances .
594	Viele Bürger glauben, und zwar zu Recht, dass ihre Massenmedien es versäumen, Missbräuche zu untersuchen und zu dokumentieren.	Many citizens believe, rightly, that their mass media are failing to investigate and document abuses.	Many citizens believe, and rightly so, that their mass media fail to investigate and document abuses.	Many citizens rightly believe that their mass media do not investigate and document abuses.	Many citizens believe , and rightly so , that our mass media fail to investigate and document abuses .
606	Kutschma weiß daher, dass er sich nicht wie Jelzin einen handverlesenen Nachfolger aussuchen kann.	So Kuchma knows that he cannot rely on handpicking his successor, as Yeltsin did in Russia.	Kuchma therefore knows that he cannot choose a hand-picked successor like Yeltsin.	Kuchma therefore knows that he cannot choose a hand-picked successor such as Yeltsin.	Kuchma therefore knows that she can not choose a hand-picked successor like Yeltsin .
623	Meiner Meinung nach sollte uns diese Unsicherheit dazu veranlassen, jetzt entschlossener zu handeln, und nicht unentschlossener.	To me, uncertainty should make us act more resolutely today, not less.	In my opinion, this uncertainty should prompt us to act more decisively now, not more indecisively.	In my opinion, this uncertainty should lead us to act more decisively now, not more indecisively.	In my opinion , this uncertainty should prompt them to act more decisively now , not more indecisively .
625	Die Malediven und etliche pazifische Inselstaaten werden verschwinden: unser Atlantis des einundzwanzigsten Jahrhunderts.	The Maldives and a host of Pacific Island states will disappear: our twenty-first-century Atlantis.	The Maldives and several Pacific island states will disappear: our Atlantis of the twenty-first century.	The Maldives and several Pacific island states will disappear: our Atlantis of the 21st century.	The Maldives and several Pacific island states will disappear : their Atlantis of the twenty-first century .
629	Die Erderwärmung stellt ein Risiko dar, das wir einfach nicht mehr ignorieren dürfen.	Global warming is a risk that we simply cannot afford to ignore anymore.	Global warming is a risk that we simply must not ignore.	Global warming is a risk that we must not ignore.	Global warming is a risk that they simply must not ignore .
640	Oder sie können die Krise als Weckruf sehen, um die Probleme zu lösen, die in den letzten Jahrzehnten übertüncht wurden.	Or they can treat the crisis as a wake-up call to fix what debt has papered over in the last few decades.	Or they can see the crisis as a wake-up call to solve the problems that have been overshadowed in recent decades.	Or they see the crisis as a wake-up call to solve the problems that have been overshadowed in recent decades.	Or we can see the crisis as a wake-up call to solve the problems that have been overshadowed in recent decades .
648	Einige Menschen haben enormes Vertrauen in andere und in die Unternehmen und Institute, mit denen sie ihre Geschäfte abwickeln.	Some people are very trusting of others, and of the firms and institutions with which they do business.	Some people have enormous confidence in others and in the companies and institutes with which they conduct their business.	Some people have enormous confidence in others and in the companies and institutes with which they run their business.	Some people have enormous confidence in others and in the companies and institutes with which we conduct their business .
653	Es erregte unsere Aufmerksamkeit, weil es so ungeheuer viele Leben forderte und so ungeheure Sachschäden anrichtete.	It captured our attention because it was so bad in terms of lives and property damage.	It attracted our attention because it claimed so much life and caused such tremendous damage to property.	It caught our attention because it claimed so much life and caused so enormous damage to property.	It attracted their attention because it claimed so much life and caused such tremendous damage to property .
654	Und infolgedessen wissen wir einfach nicht, ob die kommende Konjunkturerholung solide oder enttäuschend verlaufen wird.	As a result, we simply do not know if the recovery will be solid or disappointing.	As a result, we simply do not know whether the forthcoming recovery will be solid or disappointing.	That is why we simply do not know whether the forthcoming recovery will be solid or disappointing.	As a result , they simply do not know whether the forthcoming recovery will be solid or disappointing .
670	Natürlich reichen finanzpolitische Räte allein nicht aus, egal, wie gut sie konzipiert sind.	Of course, fiscal councils by themselves are not enough, no matter how well designed they are.	Of course, fiscal councils alone are not enough, no matter how well they are designed.	Of course, the financial councils alone are not enough, no matter how well they are designed.	Of course , fiscal councils alone are not enough , no matter how well we are designed .
671	Mag sein, dass Bernie Madoff Recht behält und sich sein Schneeballsystem nicht als größtes derartiges System aller Zeiten erweist.	To be sure, Bernie Madoff may yet be proved right, and his will not turn out to be the biggest Ponzi scheme ever.	It may be that Bernie Madoff is right and his snowball system does not prove to be the biggest such system of all time.	It may be that Bernie Madoff is right and his snowball system does not prove to be the biggest system of all time.	It may be that Bernie Madoff is right and her snowball system does not prove to be the biggest such system of all time .
692	Wir Tschechen sind zu 100 % europäisch und waren das sogar, als uns der Eiserne Vorhang vom demokratischen Europa trennte.	We Czechs are 100% European, and were even when the Iron Curtain cut us off from democratic Europe.	We Czechs are 100% European, and we were even when the Iron Curtain separated us from democratic Europe.	We Czechs are 100% European, and we were even when the Iron Curtain separated us from the democratic Europe.	We Czechs are 100 % European , and they were even when the Iron Curtain separated us from democratic Europe .
693	Das primäre und dringendste der Probleme, vor denen wir stehen, ist die Finanz- und Wirtschaftskrise, die die EU umklammert.	The primary, and most pressing, of the problems we face is the financial and economic crisis that is enveloping the EU.	The primary and most urgent of the problems facing us is the financial and economic crisis that engulfs the EU.	The most important and pressing problems we face are the financial and economic crisis that devours the EU.	The primary and most urgent of the problems facing them is the financial and economic crisis that engulfs the EU .
696	Doch können wir nicht unbekümmert davon ausgehen, dass die Kräfte des nationalen Egoismus weiterhin in Schach gehalten werden.	But we cannot be complacent that the forces of national egoism will remain in check.	But we cannot be carefree to assume that the forces of national egoism will continue to be kept in check.	But we cannot carelessly assume that the forces of national egoism will continue to be kept in check.	But they can not be carefree to assume that the forces of national egoism will continue to be kept in check .
697	Die zweite wichtige Herausforderung, die sich uns während unserer europäischen Ratspräsidentschaft stellen wird, ist Russland.	The second key challenge that we will face during our European presidency is that of Russia.	The second important challenge we will face during our European Presidency is Russia.	The second important challenge that we will face during our European Presidency is Russia.	The second important challenge they will face during our European Presidency is Russia .
713	Leider dürften bis dahin noch viele Menschen verletzt werden, nicht zuletzt jene, die ihn jetzt unterstützen.	Unfortunately, many people are likely to be hurt in the meantime, not least those who now support him.	Unfortunately, many people are likely to be injured until then, not least those who support him now.	Unfortunately, many people are probably injured by then, not least those who support him now.	Unfortunately , many people are likely to be injured until then , not least those who support her now .
723	Das erscheint verkehrt – und sogar unmoralisch –, wenn wir durch Anpassung mehr für die Menschen und den Planeten tun könnten.	This seems wrong – even immoral – if we could do more for people and the planet through adaptation.	This seems wrong – and even immoral – if we could do more for people and the planet by adapting.	This seems to be wrong – and even immoral – if we could do more for people and the planet by adapting.	This seems wrong – and even immoral – if they could do more for people and the planet by adapting .
725	Viele Untersuchungen wurden dazu angesellt, auf welche Weise Menschen den Klimawandel verursachen und wie wir ihn eindämmen können.	There has been a huge amount of research into the ways that humans cause climate change, and how we can reduce it.	Many studies have been added to how people cause climate change and how we can contain it.	Many studies have been added on how people cause climate change and how we can contain it.	Many studies have been added to how people cause climate change and how they can contain it .
728	Die entscheidende Frage ist nicht die Zu- oder Abnahme der Emissionen, sondern wie viel Klimawandel wir verhindern können.	The most critical issue isn’t any rise or fall in emissions. It is how much climate damage we can avoid.	The crucial question is not the increase or decrease of emissions, but how much climate change we can prevent.	The crucial issue is not increasing or reducing emissions, but how much climate change we can prevent.	The crucial question is not the increase or decrease of emissions , but how much climate change they can prevent .
731	Dennoch fanden sie heraus, dass sich viele unserer größten Sorgen als unbedeutend oder sogar vorteilhaft erweisen werden.	Nevertheless, they find that many of our biggest concerns will turn out to be trivial, or even beneficial.	Yet, they found that many of our greatest concerns will prove to be insignificant or even beneficial.	But they found that many of our greatest concerns will prove to be insignificant or even useful.	Yet , we found that many of our greatest concerns will prove to be insignificant or even beneficial .
733	Doch wird dabei nicht mit einbezogen, dass die Menschen ihr Verhalten ändern werden, wenn sich die Umwelt verändert.	But this fails to acknowledge that people will change their behavior when the environment changes.	But it does not include that people will change their behavior when the environment changes.	But it does not include that people change their behavior when the environment changes.	But it does not include that people will change our behavior when the environment changes .
746	Mit den Worten meiner Großmutter ausgedrückt, waren nicht „wir“ die Befreier, sondern „sie“.	To use my grandmother’s parlance, it is not “us” who were the liberators, but “them”.	In my grandmother's words, "we were not the liberators, but they."	In my grandmother's words, "We were not the liberators, but they."	In my grandmother 's words , `` they were not the liberators , but they . ''
752	Am heurigen 8. Mai werden uns öffentliche Redner erinnern, wie wichtig es ist, nicht zu vergessen.	On 8 May this year, public speakers will remind us how important it is not to forget.	On May 8th, public speakers will remind us of the importance of not forgetting.	On 8 May, public speakers will remind us of the importance of not forgetting.	On May 8th , public speakers will remind them of the importance of not forgetting .
775	Stattdessen konzentrierten sie sich, der Logik des Neoliberalismus folgend, aufs Wirtschaftswachstum.	Instead, following the logic of neoliberalism, they focused on economic growth.	Instead, following the logic of neoliberalism, they focused on economic growth.	Instead, according to the logic of neoliberalism, they focused on economic growth.	Instead , following the logic of neoliberalism , we focused on economic growth .
812	Beim Nachdenken über neue Kredite sollte sichergestellt werden, dass sich ihr Nutzen so integrativ wie möglich auswirkt.	As new loans are considered, steps should be taken to ensure that the benefits are as inclusive as possible.	When considering new loans, it should be ensured that their benefits are as inclusive as possible.	When examining new loans, it should be ensured that their benefits are as comprehensive as possible.	When considering new loans , it should be ensured that our benefits are as inclusive as possible .
813	Die LGBT-Menschen in Afrika brauchen in ihrem Kampf für Wirtschafts- und Menschenrechte dringend solche starken Verbündeten.	Africa’s LGBT people desperately need such powerful allies in their struggle for human and economic rights.	The LGBT people in Africa urgently need such strong allies in their struggle for economic and human rights.	The LGBT population in Africa urgently needs such strong allies in their struggle for economic and human rights.	The LGBT people in Africa urgently need such strong allies in our struggle for economic and human rights .
820	Der Krieg im Irak kostete unzählige Unschuldige ihr Leben, z.B. beim Bombenanschlag auf das UN-Hauptquartier in Bagdad.	The war in Iraq cost countless innocent lives, such as when the UN headquarters in Baghdad was bombed.	The war in Iraq cost countless innocents their lives, e.g. in the bombing of the UN headquarters in Baghdad.	The war in Iraq cost countless innocents their lives, e.g. during the bombing of the UN headquarters in Baghdad.	The war in Iraq cost countless innocents our lives , e.g . in the bombing of the UN headquarters in Baghdad .
826	Die USA machen lediglich 5% der Weltbevölkerung aus, und sie verkörpern nur eine Stimme in der UN-Vollversammlung.	The US represents just 5% of the world's population, and just one vote of 191 countries in the UN General Assembly.	The United States accounts for only 5% of the world's population, and they represent only one voice in the UN General Assembly.	The United States accounts for only 5% of the world's population, and they only represent one vote in the UN General Assembly.	The United States accounts for only 5 % of the world 's population , and we represent only one voice in the UN General Assembly .
833	Sind die Preise hoch, neigen sie dazu, Investitionen in Industrieerzeugnisse und andere, nichttraditionelle Handelsgüter zu verdrängen.	When they are high, they are apt to crowd out investments in manufactures and other, non-traditional tradables.	If prices are high, they tend to displace investment in industrial products and other non-traditional trade goods.	When prices are high, they tend to crowd out investment in industrial products and other non-traditional goods.	If prices are high , we tend to displace investment in industrial products and other non-traditional trade goods .
865	Das Verbrennen fossiler Brennstoffe birgt auch einen erheblichen Nutzen, und wir sollten diesen Nutzen gegen die Kosten abwägen.	Burning fossil fuels also has significant benefits, and we should weigh those benefits against the costs.	The burning of fossil fuels also has significant benefits, and we should weigh these benefits against costs.	The combustion of fossil fuels also has significant advantages, and we should weigh these benefits with costs.	The burning of fossil fuels also has significant benefits , and they should weigh these benefits against costs .
868	Oder sie machen sich Sorgen, dass CFLs beim Zerbrechen giftiges Quecksilber freisetzen.	Or they worry that the bulbs can spread poisonous mercury if they break.	Or they're worried that CFLs will release toxic mercury when they break.	Or they fear that CFLs will release toxic mercury when they break.	Or we 're worried that CFLs will release toxic mercury when they break .
871	Man könnte meinen, dass Menschen die für sie richtigen Leuchtmittel selbst auswählen könnten.	You might imagine that people could choose the right light bulbs for themselves.	You might think that people could choose the right bulbs for them themselves.	You might think people could choose the right light bulbs for themselves.	You might think that people could choose the right bulbs for us themselves .
873	Sollten wir Klimaanlagen oder Satelliten-Fernsehempfänger verbieten, weil einige Menschen sie als Luxus betrachten?	Should we outlaw air conditioning or television satellite boxes because some people find them luxurious?	Should we ban air conditioners or satellite TV receivers because some people regard them as luxury?	Should we ban air conditioners or satellite TV receivers because some people consider them a luxury?	Should they ban air conditioners or satellite TV receivers because some people regard them as luxury ?
890	Gibt der Dollar nach, sieht Amerika noch unsicherer aus und jedermann rennt, wie er nur kann, zum Ausgang.	As the dollar weakens, America looks even less safe. So a rush to the door begins.	If the dollar expires, America looks even more insecure and everyone runs to the exit as he can.	When the dollar expires, America looks even more insecure and everyone runs to the exit as they can.	If the dollar expires , America looks even more insecure and everyone runs to the exit as she can .
906	Keynes war Optimist, wenn er glaubte, die Regierungen könnten lernen, die Konjunkturzyklen zu steuern.	Keynes was an optimist in believing that governments could learn to manage the business cycle.	Keynes was optimist if he thought governments could learn to control the economic cycles.	Keynes was optimistic when he thought governments could learn to control economic cycles.	Keynes was optimist if she thought governments could learn to control the economic cycles .
911	Lula und Kok verbindet ihr ungewöhnlicher Werdegang, der sie über den Gewerkschaftsvorsitz in das höchste Regierungsamt führte.	Both Lula and Kok share the unusual distinction of becoming heads of government after serving as trade union leaders.	Lula and Kok combine their unusual career, which led them through the union chair to the highest government office.	Lula and Kok combine their unusual career, which led them through the union chairman to the highest government office.	Lula and Kok combine our unusual career , which led them through the union chair to the highest government office .
922	Und die aufstrebenden Volkswirtschaften sollten ihre inländischen Wachstumsquellen stärken.	And the emerging and developing economies should support domestic sources of growth.	And emerging economies should strengthen their domestic sources of growth.	And emerging markets should strengthen their domestic growth sources.	And emerging economies should strengthen our domestic sources of growth .
936	Daher biederte er sich mit seinem Versprechen eines Referendums bei den euroskeptischen Wählern an.	So he pandered to Euroskeptic voters with the promise of a referendum. The source of Cameron’s fear?	Therefore, with his promise of a referendum with the Eurosceptic voters, he bided himself.	That is why he offered himself with his promise to hold a referendum with the Eurosceptic voters.	Therefore , with her promise of a referendum with the Eurosceptic voters , he bided himself .
947	Die jüngsten Enttäuschungen für die um ihre Inflationsziele kämpfenden Zentralbanken kommen überhaupt nicht überraschend.	The latest disappointment for inflation-targeting central banks is really not a surprise after all.	The recent disappointments for the central banks fighting for their inflation targets are not surprising at all.	The recent disappointments for central banks fighting for their inflation targets are not surprising at all.	The recent disappointments for the central banks fighting for our inflation targets are not surprising at all .
957	Zahlreiche, durch die Krise verursachte oder durch sie verschärfte wirtschaftliche Probleme harren noch ihrer Lösung.	Many of the economic problems created or exacerbated by the crisis remain unresolved.	Many economic problems caused by or exacerbated by the crisis are still waiting for their solution.	Many economic problems caused or aggravated by the crisis are still waiting for their solution.	Many economic problems caused by or exacerbated by the crisis are still waiting for our solution .
971	Wenn ein Diktator sich das Recht herausnimmt, sein Volk zu missbrauchen, ist dies nicht mehr akzeptabel.	The notion that a dictator can claim the sovereign right to abuse his people has become unacceptable.	If a dictator removes the right to abuse his people, this is no longer acceptable.	When a dictator removes the right to abuse his people, this is no longer acceptable.	If a dictator removes the right to abuse her people , this is no longer acceptable .
975	Während wir also zusehen und warten, müssen wir so viel Unterstützung geben wie möglich – aber dürfen dabei nicht überheblich werden.	So, as we watch and wait, we need to be as supportive – but not overbearing – as possible.	So while we are watching and waiting, we have to give as much support as possible – but we must not become arrogant.	So while we are watching and waiting, we have to give as much support as possible – but we must not be arrogant.	So while they are watching and waiting , we have to give as much support as possible – but we must not become arrogant .
978	Die Vermutung liegt nahe, dass sie sich in Sarajevo treffen werden, um auf Europas brutales zwanzigstes Jahrhundert zurückzublicken.	It is easy to predict that Sarajevo will be the place where they will meet to look back on Europe’s savage twentieth century.	The assumption is that they will meet in Sarajevo to look back on Europe's brutal twentieth century.	The assumption is that they will meet in Sarajevo to look back on the brutal 20th century of Europe.	The assumption is that we will meet in Sarajevo to look back on Europe 's brutal twentieth century .
982	Eine absolute Mehrheit der Bürger in jedem der befragten Länder ist überzeugt, dass sich ihr Land in die falsche Richtung bewegt.	An absolute majority of citizens in each of the surveyed countries are convinced that their country is heading in the wrong direction.	An absolute majority of citizens in each of the countries surveyed are convinced that their country is moving in the wrong direction.	The absolute majority of citizens in each of the countries surveyed are convinced that their country is going in the wrong direction.	An absolute majority of citizens in each of the countries surveyed are convinced that our country is moving in the wrong direction .
995	In der Tat hat Europa viele Werkzeuge zur Verfügung, es muss nur herausfinden, wie sie verwendet werden können.	Indeed, Europe has a large set of tools at its disposal; it just needs to figure out how to use them.	In fact, Europe has many tools available, it just needs to find out how they can be used.	Indeed, Europe has a lot of instruments, and it only needs to find out how they can be used.	In fact , Europe has many tools available , it just needs to find out how we can be used .
997	Wir Europäer sind unentrinnbar in einem Netz gefangen, unsere Schicksale sind miteinander verwoben.	We Europeans are caught in an inescapable net, tied in a single garment of destiny.	We Europeans are inconceivably trapped in a network, our fates are interwoven.	We Europeans are unimaginably trapped in a network, our fates are interwoven.	We Europeans are inconceivably trapped in a network , their fates are interwoven .
1001	Sind sie nicht mit denen verbunden, die General de Gaulle im französischen Widerstand beistanden?	Are they not united with those who stood alongside General de Gaulle in the French Resistance?	Aren't they connected with those General de Gaulle's support in the French resistance?	Are they not associated with the support of General de Gaulle in the French resistance?	Are n't we connected with those General de Gaulle 's support in the French resistance ?
1002	Natürlich ist es verfrüht, mehr zu tun, als das hohe Ansehen auszudrücken, das die Aussicht auf eine EU-Mitgliedschaft bei uns genießt.	Of course, it is premature to do more than indicate the high regard with which we view the prospect of EU membership.	Of course, it is premature to do more than to express the high reputation that the prospect of EU membership with us enjoys.	Of course, it is premature to do more than to express the high reputation that the prospect of EU membership has for us.	Of course , it is premature to do more than to express the high reputation that the prospect of EU membership with them enjoys .
1005	Doch zeigt unsere Orangene Revolution des letzten Winters, dass das ukrainische Volk gewonnen hat.	But our Orange Revolution last winter shows that Ukraine’s people prevailed.	But our Orange Revolution of last winter shows that the Ukrainian people have won.	But our Orange Revolution last winter shows that the Ukrainian people have won.	But their Orange Revolution of last winter shows that the Ukrainian people have won .
1012	Die Staaten Tschechoslowakei und Jugoslawien entstanden, weil ihre einzelnen Bestandteile als nicht lebensfähige Staaten galten.	Czechoslovakia and Yugoslavia came into existence because their constituent parts were not seen as viable independent states.	The countries of Czechoslovakia and Yugoslavia emerged because their individual components were considered to be non-viable states.	The countries of Czechoslovakia and Yugoslavia were created because their individual components were regarded as non-viable states.	The countries of Czechoslovakia and Yugoslavia emerged because our individual components were considered to be non-viable states .
1019	Könnten sich die Franzosen und die Briten innerlich mit "Europa" genauso identifizieren wie mit ihren Nationalstaaten? Wohl nicht.	Could the French and the British feel as spiritually at home in ``Europe'' as they feel in their national states?	Could the French and the British identify themselves with "Europe" in the same way as with their nation states? Probably not.	Could the French and the British identify themselves with "Europe" as well as with their nation states? Probably not.	Could the French and the British identify themselves with `` Europe '' in the same way as with our nation states ? Probably not .
1021	Natürlich steht nicht das Ende der Nationalstaaten bevor, aber nicht, weil sie so tief im Bewusstsein ihrer Bürger verwurzelt wären.	Of course, the demise of national states is not imminent, but not because they are so deeply rooted in the consciousness of their citizens.	Of course, the end of the nation-states is not imminent, but not because they are so deeply rooted in the awareness of their citizens.	Of course, the end of the nation states is not imminent, but not because they are so deeply rooted in the awareness of their citizens.	Of course , the end of the nation-states is not imminent , but not because we are so deeply rooted in the awareness of their citizens .
1025	Mikrokredite beispielsweise sind viel effektiver, wenn sie an Frauen vergeben und von ihnen zurückgezahlt werden.	Micro-credits, for example, are much more efficient when women receive and repay them.	Microcredit, for example, is much more effective when it is given to women and paid back by them.	Microcredit, for example, is much more effective when given to women and paid back by them.	Microcredit , for example , is much more effective when it is given to women and paid back by us .
1027	Als Berlusconi vor 17 Jahren an die Macht kam, verfügte er über die Unterstützung einer Mehrheit der Frauen.	When Berlusconi first came to power 17 years ago, he had the support of a majority of women.	When Berlusconi came to power 17 years ago, he had the support of a majority of women.	When Berlusconi came to power 17 years ago, he had the support of the majority of women.	When Berlusconi came to power 17 years ago , she had the support of a majority of women .
1058	Das bringt uns zur dritten Frage: Welche Türkei möchte die EU?	This leaves us with the third question: what kind of Turkey does the EU want?	This brings us to the third question: Which Turkey does the EU want?	This leads us to the third question: Which Turkey does the EU want?	This brings them to the third question : Which Turkey does the EU want ?
1068	Falls Bush oder sein Nachfolger dafür sorgen wollen, dass die nächste Gesprächsrunde scheitert, wird ihnen dies nicht schwer fallen.	If Bush or his successor wants to ensure that the next round of talks fails, that will be easy enough.	If Bush or his successor wants to make sure that the next round of talks fails, they will not find it difficult.	If Bush or his successor wants to make sure that the next round of talks fails, they won't find it difficult.	If Bush or her successor wants to make sure that the next round of talks fails , they will not find it difficult .
1069	Auch der indische Außenminister Navtej Sarna hat erklärt, sein Land würde derartige verbindliche Beschränkungen ablehnen.	Likewise, the spokesman of India’s foreign minister, Navtej Sarna, has said that his country would reject such mandatory restrictions.	India's Foreign Minister Navtej Sarna also stated that his country would reject such binding restrictions.	India's Foreign Minister Navtej Sarna also said that his country would reject such binding restrictions.	India 's Foreign Minister Navtej Sarna also stated that her country would reject such binding restrictions .
1083	In den nächsten Jahren könnte sich entscheiden, ob unser gemeinsamer Traum, die Welt von Atomwaffen zu befreien, jemals Realität wird.	The next few years may well determine if our shared dream of ridding the world of nuclear weapons will ever be realized.	In the next few years, it could be decided whether our common dream of freeing the world from nuclear weapons will ever become a reality.	In the coming years, it could be decided whether our common dream of freeing the world from nuclear weapons will ever become a reality.	In the next few years , it could be decided whether their common dream of freeing the world from nuclear weapons will ever become a reality .
1087	Während der zwei langen Tage in Reykjavik erlebte ich, dass Abrüstungsgespräche ebenso konstruktiv wie mühselig sein konnten.	I learned during those two long days in Reykjavik that disarmament talks could be as constructive as they are arduous.	During the two long days in Reykjavik, I experienced that disarmament talks could be as constructive as they were laborious.	During the two long days in Reykjavik, I learned that disarmament talks could be as constructive as they could be laborious.	During the two long days in Reykjavik , I experienced that disarmament talks could be as constructive as we were laborious .
1090	Wirtschaftliche Zwänge und die Katastrophe von Tschernobyl trugen damals dazu bei, dass wir die Initiative ergriffen.	Economic constraints and the Chernobyl disaster helped spur us to action.	Economic constraints and the Chernobyl disaster helped us to take the initiative at the time.	The economic constraints and the Chernobyl disaster helped us to take the initiative at the time.	Economic constraints and the Chernobyl disaster helped them to take the initiative at the time .
1094	Das Beispiel Reykjavik sollte uns erinnern, dass lindernde Maßnahmen nicht ausreichen.	The example of Reykjavik should remind us that palliative measures are not enough.	The Reykjavik example should remind us that relieving measures are not enough.	The Reykjavik example should remind us that relief measures are not enough.	The Reykjavik example should remind them that relieving measures are not enough .
1100	Natürlich sind Affirmative Action-Programme seit jeher anfällig für Angriffe derer, die nicht von ihnen profitieren können.	Affirmative action programs, of course, have always been vulnerable to attack by those who can’t benefit from them.	Of course, affirmative action programs have always been vulnerable to attacks by those who cannot benefit from them.	Of course, AIDS action programmes have always been vulnerable to attacks by people who cannot benefit from them.	Of course , affirmative action programs have always been vulnerable to attacks by those who can not benefit from us .
1127	Umweltfragen sind in armen Ländern äußerst wichtig, da ihre Auswirkungen auf das Überleben der Menschen sofort und direkt sind.	Environmental issues are of paramount importance in marginal countries because their impact on human survival is immediate and direct.	Environmental issues are extremely important in poor countries, as their impact on people's survival is immediate and direct.	Environmental problems are extremely important in poor countries, as their impact on people's survival is immediate and immediate.	Environmental issues are extremely important in poor countries , as our impact on people 's survival is immediate and direct .
1132	Am Ende zerrte sie den Körper des Babys raus und trennte dabei den Kopf ab, der im Uterus der Mutter zurückblieb.	In the end, she wrenched the baby’s body out, severing it from its head, which remained inside the mother’s womb.	In the end, she dragged the baby's body out and separated the head that remained in the mother's uterus.	In the end, she dragged out the baby's body and separated the head that remained in the mother's uterus.	In the end , he dragged the baby 's body out and separated the head that remained in the mother 's uterus .
1134	Auch davor hat sie sicherlich bemerkt, dass das Kind sich nicht richtig gedreht hatte und große Probleme bevorstanden.	Even before that, she would have noticed that the child had not turned properly, and that major problems were on the way.	Even before that, she certainly noticed that the child had not turned correctly and faced big problems.	Even before that, she noticed that the child had not really turned around and had big problems.	Even before that , he certainly noticed that the child had not turned correctly and faced big problems .
1160	Man kann die Bauern langfristig nur dann vom Opium entwöhnen, wenn man ihnen ein nachhaltiges Auskommen ermöglicht.	Farmers will be weaned off opium over the long term only if they have sustainable livelihoods.	In the long term, farmers can only be weaned from the opium if they are able to live sustainably.	In the long term, farmers from the opium can only be weaned if they can live sustainably.	In the long term , farmers can only be weaned from the opium if we are able to live sustainably .
1162	Die jüngste Geschichte hat uns anschaulich vor Augen geführt, was passieren wird, wenn wir versagen.	Recent history has given us graphic evidence of what would happen if we do.	Recent history has vividly shown us what will happen if we fail.	Recent history has shown us clearly what will happen if we fail.	Recent history has vividly shown them what will happen if we fail .
1166	Aber Gesetze und politische Maßnahmen allein reichen nicht aus, um Frauen vor der schlimmsten Misshandlung im eigenen Haus zu schützen.	But laws and policies alone are not sufficient to protect women from horrific domestic abuse.	But laws and policies alone are not enough to protect women from the worst abuse in their home.	But laws and policies alone are not enough to protect women from the worst abuse in their homes.	But laws and policies alone are not enough to protect women from the worst abuse in our home .
1172	Wenn eine Frau zum Beispiel von Angehörigen geschlagen oder missbraucht wird, hat sie kaum Optionen.	For example, if family members beat or abuse a woman, she has few options.	For example, when a woman is beaten or abused by relatives, she has few options.	For example, if a woman is beaten or abused by relatives, she has few options.	For example , when a woman is beaten or abused by relatives , he has few options .
1173	Entweder sie bleibt stumm, oder sie riskiert es, Schande über die Familie zu bringen.	Often, her only choice is to remain silent or risk disgracing the family.	Either she stays silent or she risks bringing shame to the family.	Either she's silent or she's risking shame on the family.	Either he stays silent or she risks bringing shame to the family .
1189	Irgendwie, so hoffen wir, werden sich die Dinge schon zum Guten wenden.	Our attitude seems to be that somehow things will sort themselves out.	Somehow, we hope, things will turn for the good.	We hope that things will turn for the good.	Somehow , they hope , things will turn for the good .
1214	Und sogar die Anleiheninhaber profitieren, weil sie ihr Geld mit den vereinbarten Zinsen zurückbekommen.	And even bond investors win, because they get their money back, with the interest for which they contracted.	And even the bondholders benefit because they get their money back with the agreed interest rates.	And even bondholders benefit because they get their money back with the agreed interest rates.	And even the bondholders benefit because we get their money back with the agreed interest rates .
1235	Unterdessen haben die lateinamerikanischen Unternehmen ihre eigenen Auslandsinvestitionen erhöht.	Meanwhile, Latin American businesses have been increasing their own foreign investments.	Meanwhile, Latin American companies have increased their own foreign investment.	Meanwhile, Latin American companies have increased their own foreign investments.	Meanwhile , Latin American companies have increased our own foreign investment .
1250	Mein Vater erkannte, dass er es im Alleingang und ohne besseren Zugang zu Finanzierungsmöglichkeiten nicht schaffen würde.	My father realized that he couldn’t go it alone, and that he would need better access to financing.	My father realized that he would not make it on his own without better access to finance.	My father realized that he couldn't do it alone without having better access to funding.	My father realized that she would not make it on his own without better access to finance .
1251	Und er arbeitete mit meiner Mutter Alice zusammen, die für den Geflügelbetrieb verantwortlich war.	And he worked together with my mother, Alice, who ran the family poultry business.	And he worked with my mother Alice, who was responsible for the poultry business.	And he worked with my mother, Alice, who was responsible for the poultry business.	And she worked with my mother Alice , who was responsible for the poultry business .
1253	Diese 13 Länder haben ihre Agrarproduktion, das Pro-Kopf-BIP und die Ernährung deutlich verbessert.	Those 13 countries have experienced marked improvements in agricultural production, per capita GDP, and nutrition.	These 13 countries have significantly improved their agricultural production, per capita GDP and nutrition.	These 13 countries have significantly improved their agricultural production, their per capita GDP and their diet.	These 13 countries have significantly improved our agricultural production , per capita GDP and nutrition .
1255	Afrikanische Bauern, die neue Sorten anbauen, steigern ihre Erträge um lediglich 28%, gegenüber 88% bei Bauern in Asien.	African farmers growing new crop varieties are increasing their yields by only 28%, compared to 88% for farmers in Asia.	African farmers growing new varieties increase their yields by only 28%, compared with 88% in Asian farmers.	African farmers growing new varieties only increase their yields by 28%, compared with 88% in Asian farmers.	African farmers growing new varieties increase our yields by only 28 % , compared with 88 % in Asian farmers .
1257	Wenn sich Chancen bieten, nutzen sie sie. Und sie versuchen ihre Kinder in die Lage zu versetzen, in Zukunft höhere Gewinne zu erzielen.	They take advantage of opportunities when they arise, and they position their children to reap larger profits in the future.	When opportunities arise, they use them, and they try to enable their children to achieve higher profits in the future.	When opportunities arise, they use them, and they try to enable their children to gain higher profits in the future.	When opportunities arise , we use them , and they try to enable their children to achieve higher profits in the future .
1262	Die Bedingungen in diesem lebenswichtigen Wirtschaftssektor werden noch unsicherer, als sie es derzeit sind.	Conditions in this vital economic sector will become even more precarious than they currently are.	The conditions in this vital economic sector are becoming even more uncertain than they are at present.	Conditions in this important sector are becoming even more uncertain than they are at present.	The conditions in this vital economic sector are becoming even more uncertain than we are at present .
1284	Die Anpassung an die klimatischen Veränderungen ist zwar notwendig – denn sie finden bereits statt – aber nicht ausreichend.	While adaptation to climate change is necessary – because it is already occurring – this is not enough.	Adaptation to climatic changes is necessary – because they are already taking place – but not sufficient.	Adaptation to climatic changes is necessary – because they are already taking place – but not enough.	Adaptation to climatic changes is necessary – because we are already taking place – but not sufficient .
1285	Die Hungersnöte in Äthiopien und die Gewalt in Darfur lassen darauf schließen, was möglicherweise vor uns liegt.	The famines in Ethiopia and the violence in Darfur suggest what can lie ahead.	The famines in Ethiopia and the violence in Darfur suggest what may be ahead of us.	The famines in Ethiopia and the violence in Darfur indicate what we are facing.	The famines in Ethiopia and the violence in Darfur suggest what may be ahead of them .
1294	Tatsächlich werden junge Leute bereits im Stich gelassen, bevor sie überhaupt mit der Arbeitssuche beginnen.	In fact, young people are being let down even before they start looking for work.	In fact, young people are already abandoned before they even start looking for work.	In fact, young people are already leaving before they even start looking for work.	In fact , young people are already abandoned before we even start looking for work .
1312	Technologien ermöglichen zwar Innovationen im Gesundheitswesen, sind aber kein Selbstzweck.	After all, technology is an enabler for the innovation of health-care delivery, not an end in itself.	Although technologies enable innovations in the health sector, they are not an end in themselves.	Although technologies enable innovations in healthcare, they are not an end in themselves.	Although technologies enable innovations in the health sector , we are not an end in themselves .
1348	Und sie müssen Strategien zur Armutsbekämpfung umsetzen und sicherstellen, dass alle gesellschaftlichen Schichten am Wohlstand teilhaben.	And they will need to enact policies to reduce poverty, and ensure that prosperity is shared across all cohorts of society.	And they need to implement poverty reduction strategies and ensure that all social strata participate in prosperity.	And they must implement poverty reduction strategies and ensure that all social classes participate in prosperity.	And we need to implement poverty reduction strategies and ensure that all social strata participate in prosperity .
1355	Glücklicherweise haben sich mit der Veröffentlichung des UNESCO-Berichts bereits mehrere Partner hierfür gefunden.	Fortunately, with the launch of the UNESCO report, several partners have already stepped up.	Fortunately, with the publication of the UNESCO report, several partners have already found their way into this.	Fortunately, with the publication of the UNESCO report, several partners have already found their way.	Fortunately , with the publication of the UNESCO report , several partners have already found our way into this .
1364	Schließlich gilt es, eine panafrikanische Identität auszubilden, und afrikanische Mode, Filme und Küche erobern neue Märkte.	Finally, greater attention is being paid to developing a pan-African identity, and African fashions, films, and foods are expanding to new markets.	Finally, we need to develop a pan-African identity, and African fashion, films, and cuisine are conquering new markets.	After all, we need to develop a pan-African identity, and African fashion, films, and cuisine are conquering new markets.	Finally , they need to develop a pan-African identity , and African fashion , films , and cuisine are conquering new markets .
1405	Bereits jetzt bedienen sich einige multinationale Konzerne stadtbasierter Modelle als Leitfaden für ihre Investitionsstrategien in Afrika.	Already, some multinationals are using city-based models to guide their African investment strategies.	Some multinational companies already use city-based models as a guide to their investment strategies in Africa.	Some multinational companies are already using city-based models as a guide to their investment strategies in Africa.	Some multinational companies already use city-based models as a guide to our investment strategies in Africa .
1425	Richtet man allerdings den Schwerpunkt auf die verbesserte Eintreibung von Steuern, könnten die Afrikaner ihre Einnahmen vergrößern.	Yet, with a greater focus on improving tax collection, Africans stand a better chance of increasing their domestic revenues.	However, if the focus is on improving the collection of taxes, Africans could increase their revenues.	However, if it is a question of improving tax collection, Africans could increase their revenue.	However , if the focus is on improving the collection of taxes , Africans could increase our revenues .
1428	Langfristig sind wir, woran uns der Ökonom John Maynard Keynes erinnerte, alle tot.	In the long term, the economist John Maynard Keynes reminded us, we are all dead.	In the long term, as economist John Maynard Keynes reminded us, we are all dead.	In the long run, as economist John Maynard Keynes reminded us, we're all dead.	In the long term , as economist John Maynard Keynes reminded them , we are all dead .
1461	Dann müssen sie die neue Wirtschaftspolitik in nationalen und regionalen Entwicklungsstrategien institutionalisieren.	They must then institutionalize these new policies in national and regional development strategies.	Then they must institutionalise the new economic policy in national and regional development strategies.	Then they must institutionalise the new economic policy into national and regional development strategies.	Then we must institutionalise the new economic policy in national and regional development strategies .
1469	Heute sind sie zwar nicht mehr so dominant, aber ihr Unternehmensmodell wird von einer dritten Generation von Frauen lebendig gehalten.	While they are no longer quite so dominant, a third generation of women is keeping their entrepreneurial model alive.	Today they are no longer so dominant, but their business model is kept alive by a third generation of women.	Today they are no longer so dominant, but their business model will be kept alive by a third generation of women.	Today we are no longer so dominant , but their business model is kept alive by a third generation of women .
1471	Und trotz ihrer mangelnden formalen Ausbildung haben sie sich Respekt verschafft.	And they commanded respect despite their own lack of formal education.	And despite their lack of formal education, they have earned respect.	And despite their lack of formal education, they deserve respect.	And despite our lack of formal education , they have earned respect .
1472	Von ihren europäischen Geschäftspartnern haben sie gute Konditionen bekommen, um ihre Geschäfte auszubauen.	European business partners offered them favorable terms to expand their businesses.	They have been given good conditions by their European business partners to expand their business.	Their European business partners have given them good conditions for expanding their business.	They have been given good conditions by our European business partners to expand their business .
1503	Mit anderen Worten, die Spender haben wenig Möglichkeit zu wissen, ob ihr Geld sinnvoll ausgegeben wird.	In other words, donors have little way of knowing whether their money is being well spent.	In other words, donors have little chance of knowing whether their money is spent wisely.	In other words, donors have little chance of knowing whether their money is being spent wisely.	In other words , donors have little chance of knowing whether our money is spent wisely .
1535	Zu oft werden Stimmen von der Basis ignoriert, die die Probleme ihrer Gemeinschaften aus erster Hand kennen.	Too often, grassroots-level voices, reflecting firsthand experience addressing their communities’ problems, are ignored.	Too often voices are ignored by the grassroots who know the problems of their communities first-hand.	Too often voices are ignored by grassroots citizens who know the problems of their communities first-hand.	Too often voices are ignored by the grassroots who know the problems of our communities first-hand .
1553	Doch obwohl Frauen für den Fortschritt des Kontinents unverzichtbar sind, werden sie allzu oft noch immer als zweitrangig angesehen.	But while women are essential to the continent’s progress, they are still too often regarded as being secondary.	But, although women are indispensable to the progress of the continent, they are all too often still regarded as secondary.	However, although women are indispensable to the progress of the continent, they are all too often still regarded as secondary.	But , although women are indispensable to the progress of the continent , we are all too often still regarded as secondary .
1554	Unser Ziel ist es, aus dem Forum mit einer gemeinsamen Agenda für unsere Teilhabe als vollwertige wirtschaftliche Akteure hervorzugehen.	We aim to emerge from the Forum with a common agenda for our participation as full economic actors.	Our goal is to emerge from the Forum with a common agenda for our participation as a full-fledged economic player.	Our goal is to emerge from the Forum with a common agenda for our participation as a full-fledged economic actor.	Our goal is to emerge from the Forum with a common agenda for their participation as a full-fledged economic player .
1565	Viele Geldgeber haben bereits gezeigt, dass sie nicht nur Entwicklungsprioritäten haben, sondern auch klug in Medien investieren können.	Donors have already shown that they can pursue development priorities while also making smart investments in media.	Many donors have already shown that they not only have development priorities, but can also invest wisely in the media.	Many donors have already shown that they not only have development priorities but can also invest wisely in the media.	Many donors have already shown that we not only have development priorities , but can also invest wisely in the media .
1580	Allerdings zeigen die Muslime in Schwarzafrika, wie die meisten Muslime auf der Welt, eine „Wir gegen die“-Mentalität.	However, Muslims in sub-Saharan Africa, like most Muslims around the world, exhibit an “us versus them” mentality.	However, Muslims in Black Africa, like most Muslims in the world, show a "we against the" mentality.	However, Muslims in Black Africa, like most Muslims in the world, show a "we against" mentality.	However , Muslims in Black Africa , like most Muslims in the world , show a `` they against the '' mentality .
1606	Es ging vielmehr darum, dass diejenigen, die die Ressourcen extrahierten, nicht deren Nutznießer gewesen sind: ein „Ressourcenfluch”.	Instead, they have generally involved extraction from some for the benefit of others: a “resource curse.”	Rather, those who extracted the resources were not the beneficiaries of them: a "resource curse."	Rather, those who extracted the resources were not the beneficiaries of them: a "resource curse".	Rather , those who extracted the resources were not the beneficiaries of us : a `` resource curse . ''
1607	Verständlicherweise hoffen sie, endlich die Entwicklungsvorteile ihres natürlichen Rohstoffreichtums nutzen zu können.	Understandably, they hope finally to reap the development benefits of their natural endowments.	Understandably, they hope to finally benefit from the development benefits of their natural wealth of raw materials.	Understandably, they hope to finally benefit from the development benefits of their natural resource wealth.	Understandably , we hope to finally benefit from the development benefits of their natural wealth of raw materials .
1622	Es ist Zeit, diese überehrgeizigen Regulierungsmaßnahmen zurückzunehmen, bevor sie zu viel Schaden anrichten.	It is time to repeal these overzealous regulations before they do too much damage.	It is time to take these overly ambitious regulatory measures back before they cause too much damage.	It is time to take these too ambitious regulatory measures back before they cause too much damage.	It is time to take these overly ambitious regulatory measures back before we cause too much damage .
1675	Die Sahel-Länder haben ein eigenes Koordinierungsgremium geschaffen, die G5-Sahel.	The Sahel countries have created their own coordination body, the G5 Sahel.	The Sahel countries have created their own coordination body, the G5 Sahel.	The Sahel States have created their own coordination body, the G5 Sahel.	The Sahel countries have created our own coordination body , the G5 Sahel .
1695	In einer Zeit, in der wir unsere Hilfe aufstocken sollten, um das AIDS-Problem zu lösen, fahren wir sie herunter.	At a time when we should be scaling up to meet the AIDS challenge, we are dialing back.	At a time when we should increase our aid to solve the AIDS problem, we'll drive it down.	At a time when we should increase our aid to solve the AIDS problem, we will drive it down.	At a time when they should increase our aid to solve the AIDS problem , we 'll drive it down .
1696	Jeden Tag ist er zu moralischen Entscheidungen gezwungen, die niemand zu treffen haben sollte.	Every day, he is forced into moral choices that no one should have to make.	Every day he is forced to make moral decisions that no one should have to make.	Every day he is forced to make moral decisions that no one should make.	Every day she is forced to make moral decisions that no one should have to make .
1700	Umso mehr Grund haben wir, aus Mitgefühl und mit Freigiebigkeit zu handeln.	That is all the more reason to act out of compassion and with generosity.	All the more reason we have to act out of compassion and generosity.	All the more so we must act out of compassion and generosity.	All the more reason they have to act out of compassion and generosity .
1705	In diesem Fall ist eine Grundvoraussetzung Selbstachtung, die wir durch unsere individuell oder kollektiv erbrachte Leistung gewinnen.	If so, then a key condition must be the self-respect that comes from working things out for ourselves, individually and collectively.	In this case, a basic requirement is self-respect, which we gain through our individual or collective performance.	In this case, self-respect is a basic requirement that we gain through our individual or collective performance.	In this case , a basic requirement is self-respect , which they gain through our individual or collective performance .
1712	Wie sich die Menschen selbst sehen, als Einzelperson oder als Gruppe, beeinflusst die Energie mit der sie sich entwickeln in hohem Maße.	How people feel about themselves, personally and collectively, greatly influences the energy with which they develop themselves.	As people see themselves, as an individual or as a group, the energy with which they develop is highly influenced.	As people see themselves, as individuals or as groups, the energy with which they develop is strongly influenced.	As people see themselves , as an individual or as a group , the energy with which we develop is highly influenced .
1720	Im Krieg begann ich gefangene Feinde zu bedauern, weil ich Grund hatte zu kämpfen, und sie nicht.	In battle, I came to pity enemy prisoners because I had a cause to fight for and they did not.	In the war I began to regret captured enemies because I had reason to fight, and they did not.	In the war, I began to repent of captured enemies because I had reason to fight, and they didn't.	In the war I began to regret captured enemies because I had reason to fight , and we did not .
1725	In Teilen Afrikas verursacht Armut, dass Jugendliche in den Waffen den Weg sehen, um ihren Lebensunterhalt zu verdienen.	In parts of Africa, poverty means that youth look at guns as a way of earning a living.	In parts of Africa, poverty causes young people to see the way to earn their living in weapons.	In parts of Africa, poverty leads young people to find the way to earn their living with weapons.	In parts of Africa , poverty causes young people to see the way to earn our living in weapons .
1739	Die äthiopische Regierung hatte Gerüchte um seinen schlechten Gesundheitszustand aufgrund von Leberkrebs heftig dementiert.	Ethiopia’s government had strenuously denied rumors of serious ill health caused by liver cancer.	The Ethiopian government had severely denied rumors about his poor health due to liver cancer.	The Ethiopian government had seriously denied rumors about his bad health due to liver cancer.	The Ethiopian government had severely denied rumors about her poor health due to liver cancer .
1741	Der große Makel, der seinem Wirken jedoch immer anhaften wird, ist seine Intoleranz gegenüber abweichenden Meinungen.	The great stain on Meles’s record will always be his intolerance of dissent.	The great blemish, however, which will always adhere to his work, is his intolerance towards dissenting opinions.	The great blemish, however, which will always stick to his work, is his intolerance against dissenting opinions.	The great blemish , however , which will always adhere to her work , is his intolerance towards dissenting opinions .
1755	Die Mittelstädte in ihre nationalen Entwicklungsstrategien aufzunehmen liegt im Interesse aller afrikanischer Regierungen.	It is in all African governments’ interest to incorporate secondary cities into their national development strategies.	To include the cities in their national development strategies is in the interest of all African governments.	Involving cities in their national development strategies is in the interest of all African governments.	To include the cities in our national development strategies is in the interest of all African governments .
1773	Man muss sie mit großer Effizienz abbauen und danach streben, dabei die Auswirkungen auf die Umwelt möglichst gering zu halten.	It must be mined with greater efficiency and with a view to mitigating the environmental impact.	It is important to reduce them with great efficiency and strive to minimise the impact on the environment.	It is important to reduce them with great efficiency and minimise the impact on the environment.	It is important to reduce us with great efficiency and strive to minimise the impact on the environment .
1779	Afrikanische Banken sind unterdessen im Vergleich zu ihren mit Schulden beladenen Pendants in den USA und Europa grundsolide.	African banks, meanwhile, are rock-solid compared to their debt-heavy counterparts in the US and Europe.	Meanwhile, African banks are fundamental to their debt-loaded counterparts in the US and Europe.	Meanwhile, African banks are essential for their indebted counterparts in the US and Europe.	Meanwhile , African banks are fundamental to our debt-loaded counterparts in the US and Europe .
1786	Wenn seine Regierung erfolgreich ist, steigen die Chancen, dass Afrika relativ unbeschadet bleibt.	If his administration succeeds, the chances that Africa will remain relatively unscathed will grow.	If his government succeeds, the chances are that Africa will remain relatively unscathed.	If his government succeeds, there is a chance that Africa will remain relatively undamaged.	If her government succeeds , the chances are that Africa will remain relatively unscathed .
1808	Ähnlich kann heute nicht nur im Irak, sondern auch in Afrika argumentiert werden.	Similar reasoning can be applied today not only to Iraq, but to Africa as well.	Similarly, we can argue today not only in Iraq, but also in Africa.	We can also argue today not only in Iraq, but also in Africa.	Similarly , they can argue today not only in Iraq , but also in Africa .
1815	Die USA allein importieren 1,5 Millionen Barrel täglich aus Westafrika - genauso viel wie sie aus Saudi-Arabien importieren.	The US alone imports 1.5 million barrels a day from West Africa, the same amount it imports from Saudi Arabia.	The US alone imports 1.5 million barrels daily from West Africa - just as much as they import from Saudi Arabia.	The US alone imports 1.5 million barrels a day from West Africa - just like they import from Saudi Arabia.	The US alone imports 1.5 million barrels daily from West Africa - just as much as we import from Saudi Arabia .
1820	Es bleibt eine ernüchternde Lektion – eine, die die Medien als Aggressor und Gesetzesübertreter zeigt statt in ihrer üblichen Opferrolle.	It remains a sobering lesson, one that presents the media in the role of aggressor and violator, in contrast to their normal position as victim.	It remains a sobering lesson – one that shows the media as an aggressor and a transgressor of the law rather than in their usual sacrificial role.	It remains a sobering lesson – one that shows the media as aggressor and transgressor of the law and not in their usual sacrificial role.	It remains a sobering lesson – one that shows the media as an aggressor and a transgressor of the law rather than in our usual sacrificial role .
1824	Afrikas Medien müssen darauf mit ihren eigenen Analysen, Erklärungen und Schilderungen antworten.	Africa’s media must respond with its own analyses, explanations, and narratives.	Africa's media must respond with their own analyses, explanations and accounts.	Africa's media must respond with their own analyses, statements and reports.	Africa 's media must respond with our own analyses , explanations and accounts .
1837	Südkorea und Singapur, die kaum über eigene Rohstoffe verfügten, auf die sie sich stützen konnten, sind nicht weniger inspirierend.	South Korea and Singapore, which had few natural resources on which to rely, are no less inspiring.	South Korea and Singapore, which had scarcely their own raw materials on which they could rely, are no less inspiring.	South Korea and Singapore, which hardly had their own raw materials on which they could rely, are no less inspiring.	South Korea and Singapore , which had scarcely our own raw materials on which they could rely , are no less inspiring .
1839	Wir wussten, dass wir nicht nur für Wachstum sorgen mussten, sondern auch die Qualität des Wachstums verbessern mussten.	We knew that we needed not just to secure growth, but also to improve the quality of that growth.	We knew that we not only had to ensure growth, but also to improve the quality of growth.	We knew that we had to not only ensure growth, but also improve the quality of growth.	We knew that they not only had to ensure growth , but also to improve the quality of growth .
1847	Wir haben sogar am Telefon entschieden, welches Pestizid wir verwenden und welche Traktorfirma wir beauftragen.	We even decided over the phone what kind of pesticide to use and which tractor company to hire.	We even decided on the phone which pesticide we use and which tractor company we commission.	We even decided on the phone which pesticides we use and which tractor company we commission.	We even decided on the phone which pesticide they use and which tractor company we commission .
1864	Tatsächlich beenden mehr Frauen als Männer ihre Ausbildung, aber weiter oben auf der Karriereleiter bleiben sie dann auf der Strecke.	In fact, women are more likely than men to complete their degrees; but, as they climb the career ladder, they disappear from the ranks.	In fact, more women than men finish their training, but further up on the career ladder they will stay on track.	In fact, more women than men finish their training, but further up on the career ladder they will remain on course.	In fact , more women than men finish our training , but further up on the career ladder they will stay on track .
1887	Aber dies sollte uns nicht abschrecken, sondern als mächtiger Anreiz dienen, damit endlich anzufangen.	But, far from a deterrent, this should serve as a powerful incentive to get started.	But this should not deter us, but serve as a powerful incentive to begin at last.	But that should not deter us, but serve as a strong incentive to begin at last.	But this should not deter them , but serve as a powerful incentive to begin at last .
1895	Wenn wir Erfolg haben, werden Afrikas Träumer von heute die Katalysatoren der positiven Veränderungen von morgen sein.	If we succeed, Africa’s dreamers of today will be the catalysts of positive change tomorrow.	If we succeed, today's African dreamers will be the catalysts of tomorrow's positive changes.	If we succeed, today's African dreamers will be the catalysts for tomorrow's positive changes.	If they succeed , today 's African dreamers will be the catalysts of tomorrow 's positive changes .
1921	In einem aktuellen Bericht haben wir die Erfahrungen junger afrikanischer Landwirte in sieben Ländern untersucht.	In a recent report, we examined the experiences of young African agriculturalists in seven countries.	In a recent report, we have examined the experience of young African farmers in seven countries.	In a recent report, we examined the experience of young African farmers in seven countries.	In a recent report , they have examined the experience of young African farmers in seven countries .
1922	Betrachten wir den Wettbewerb um Land, um zu verstehen, wie wichtig die Technologie für den jungen afrikanischen Landwirt ist.	To understand how important technology is to the young African farmer, consider competition for land.	Let us consider the competition for land to understand the importance of technology for the young African farmer.	Consider the competition for land to understand the importance of technology for the young African farmer.	Let them consider the competition for land to understand the importance of technology for the young African farmer .
1928	Für den Anfang brauchen junge Menschen Orte, an denen sie sich mit gleichgesinnten Innovatoren austauschen können.	For starters, young people need places to engage with like-minded innovators.	To begin with, young people need places where they can exchange ideas with like-minded innovators.	First of all, young people need places where they can interact with like - minded innovators.	To begin with , young people need places where we can exchange ideas with like-minded innovators .
1929	Als nächstes brauchen junge Menschen Zugang zu Finanzprodukten und -dienstleistungen, um ihre Ideen in marktfähige Unternehmen umzusetzen.	Next, young people need access to financial products and services to help them turn their ideas into marketable businesses.	Next, young people need access to financial products and services to turn their ideas into marketable companies.	Next, young people need access to financial products and services to transform their ideas into marketable companies.	Next , young people need access to financial products and services to turn our ideas into marketable companies .
1935	Wieder einmal scheint Jassir Arafat Herausforderungen seiner Führungsrolle abgewehrt zu haben.	Yasir Arafat appears, once again, to have held off challenges to his rule.	Once again, Jassir Arafat seems to have resisted the challenges of his leadership role.	Once again, Jassir Arafat seems to have resisted the challenges of his leadership.	Once again , Jassir Arafat seems to have resisted the challenges of her leadership role .
1936	Aber sein jüngster Sieg gibt keine Antwort auf die Frage, was passieren wird, wenn er die politische Bühne einmal endgültig verlässt.	But his latest victory does not answer the question of what will happen when he finally does leave the political scene.	But his recent victory gives no answer to the question of what will happen once he finally leaves the political stage.	But his new victory gives no answer to the question of what will happen when he finally leaves the political stage.	But her recent victory gives no answer to the question of what will happen once he finally leaves the political stage .
1940	Ich fürchte, das palästinensische Volk wird noch nach seinem Tod darunter leiden."	I am afraid the Palestinian people will still be suffering from it even after his death."	I fear that the Palestinian people will suffer from it after his death."	I fear that after his death the Palestinian people will suffer."	I fear that the Palestinian people will suffer from it after her death . ''
1944	Seit dem Tag, an dem er im Jahr 1959 die palästinensische Bewegung gegründet hat, war er ihr einziger Chef.	He has been the Palestinian movement's sole leader almost from the day he founded it in 1959.	Since the day he founded the Palestinian movement in 1959, he has been their only boss.	Since the day he founded the Palestinian movement in 1959, he has been her only boss.	Since the day she founded the Palestinian movement in 1959 , he has been their only boss .
1945	Arafat alleine verfügt über die Macht, alle zu Gehorsam zu bringen, obwohl er von dieser Macht oftmals keinen Gebrauch macht.	Arafat alone has the power to make everyone obey him, even if he often decides not to exercise this power.	Arafat alone has the power to bring everyone to obedience, although he often does not make use of this power.	Arafat alone has the power to bring everyone to obedience, although he often does not use that power.	Arafat alone has the power to bring everyone to obedience , although she often does not make use of this power .
