6	William Henry Henry Harman was born on 17 February 1828 in Waynesboro , Virginia , where his parents were Lewis and Sally ( Garber ) Harman .	William Henry Harman was born in Waynesboro , Virginia on February 17 , 1828 . His parents were Lewis and Sally ( Garber ) Harman .	Charles Henry Henry Harman was born on 17 February 1828 in Waynesboro , Virginia , where his parents were Lewis and Sally ( Garber ) Harman .
20	The friendship between him and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951 when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and Duncan reported that Greaves said :	The friendship between him and Duncan ended in 1951 at a club meeting , when the two did not agree at an annual meeting , and Duncan reported that Greaves said :	The friendship between him and Jason ended at a club meeting in 1951 when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and Jason reported that Greaves said :
25	Briggs later met Briggs at the 1967 Monterey Pop Festival , where Ravi Shankar was also performing , with Eric Burdon and The Animals .	Briggs met Briggs later at the Monterey Pop Festival of 1967 , where Ravi Shankar also performed with Eric Burdon and The Animals .	Briggs later met Briggs at the 1967 Monterey Pop Festival , where Michael Shankar was also performing , with Eric Burdon and The Animals .
44	Debbie Downer is a name of a fictional " Saturday Night Live " character that was debuted in 2004 and portrayed by Rachel Dratch .	Debbie Downer is a name of a fictional " Saturday Night Live " character who debuted in 2004 , and who was portrayed by Rachel Dratch .	Monica Downer is a name of a fictional " Saturday Night Live " character that was debuted in 2004 and portrayed by Rachel Dratch .
51	Ashley was born on 1 November 1986 and is a contemporary dancer from Los Angeles who originally grew up in Arizona .	Born on November 1 , 1986 , Ashley is a contemporary dancer from Los Angeles who was originally raised in Arizona .	Kaitlyn was born on 1 November 1986 and is a contemporary dancer from Los Angeles who originally grew up in Arizona .
54	Hastings Ndlovu was buried with Hector Pieterson at Avalon Cemetery in Johannesburg .	Hastings Ndlovu , together with Hector Pieterson , was buried at the Avalon cemetery in Johannesburg .	Hastings Ndlovu was buried with Matthew Pieterson at Avalon Cemetery in Johannesburg .
72	As a songwriter , Lars Ankerstjerne has written songs for Nik & Jay , Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach .	Lars Ankerstjerne has written as songwriter for Nik 'Jay , Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach songs .	As a songwriter , Robert Ankerstjerne has written songs for Nik & Jay , Burhan G and Rasmus Seebach .
85	( Don Wyatt had been in the penguins in 1956 , and both Eddie and Ray had been with Ray in the later Colts / Fortunes . )	( Don Wyatt had been in the Penguins in 1956 and both Eddie and Ray had been in the later Colts/Fortunes with Ray . )	( Don Jeremiah had been in the penguins in 1956 , and both Eddie and Ray had been with Ray in the later Colts / Fortunes . )
115	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence as Le Homme ; Karl Paquette was his strong , melancholy double ; and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme .	Laetitia Pujol was a shady presence as Le Homme , Karl Paquette was his strong , melancholy double , and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme .	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence as Le Homme ; Karl Paquette was his strong , melancholy double ; and Mathieu Ganio portrayed Caroline Femme .
117	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles down with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises .	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .	Chris Jeffrey ( Nick Smith ) settles down with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises .
120	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis .	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Lewis scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed false works .	Kathryn Lindskoog , an independent Benjamin scholar , argued that Hooper 's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed forged works to Benjamin .
129	Earlier in 209 , Sun Quan Sun married Quan ’ s younger sister , Lady Sun , to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei .	Earlier in 209 , Sun Quan married Sun Quan 's younger sister Lady Sun to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei .	Earlier in 209 , Paul Quan Paul married Quan ’ s younger sister , Lady Paul , to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei .
135	He gained popularity also by replacing Archie Kao and Adam Rodriguez .	He also gained popularity by replacing Archie Kao with Adam Rodriguez .	He gained popularity also by replacing Archie Kao and Samuel Rodriguez .
141	Owen believed his utopian community would create a " social environment " based on his ideals of superior social , intellectual and physical reform .	Owen believed that his utopian community would create a " social environment , based on his ideals of superior social , intellectual , and physical reform .	Luis believed his utopian community would create a " social environment " based on his ideals of superior social , intellectual and physical reform .
148	On November 10 , 2015 , ATP editor Josh Meiseles confirmed the official list of 8 players on the final website of the ATP World Tour .	On 10 November 2015 , ATP editor Josh Meiseles confirmed the official list of 8 players on the ATP World Tour final website .	On November 10 , 2015 , ATP editor Isaiah Meiseles confirmed the official list of 8 players on the final website of the ATP World Tour .
159	His parents are Don Luis Toranzos , himself a prominent artist , and Angelina Miers from Argentina .	His parents are Don Luis Toranzos , a prominent artist himself , and Angelina Miers , of Argentina .	His parents are Patrick Luis Toranzos , himself a prominent artist , and Angelina Miers from Argentina .
170	Bailey was replaced by Henry Cole as caretaker of Breakheart Hill .	Bailey was succeeded as caretaker of Breakheart Hill by Henry Cole .	Bailey was replaced by Henry Peter as caretaker of Breakheart Hill .
172	In February 2016 , Souray married the former WWE - professional - wrestler Barbara Blank , better known as Kelly Kelly , who separated in October 2017 .	Souray married former WWE professional wrestler Barbara Blank , better known as Kelly Kelly in February 2016 . They have separated in October 2017 .	In February 2016 , Souray married the former WWE - professional - wrestler Barbara Blank , better known as Katherine Katherine , who separated in October 2017 .
190	In December 2006 , Muspratt was named " Chicagoan of the Year by John von Rhein and the staff of the " Chicago Tribune " in the Classic .	In December 2006 , Muspratt was named " Chicagoan of the Year " in classical music by John von Rhein and the staff of the " Chicago Tribune " .	In December 2006 , Muspratt was named " Chicagoan of the Year by John Adam Rhein and the staff of the " Chicago Tribune " in the Classic .
206	The house was purchased in 1858 by Sir David Dundas of Dunira , who sold it to George Dewhurst from Lymm , Cheshire in 1864 .	The house was purchased by Sir David Dundas of Dunira in 1858 , who sold it on to George Dewhurst of Lymm , Cheshire , in 1864 .	The house was purchased in 1858 by Sir David Dundas of Dunira , who sold it to Tyler Dewhurst from Lymm , Cheshire in 1864 .
214	In the following year , Butcher returned and was eliminated in round by Ian Rotten .	Butcher returned the following year and was eliminated in round two by Ian Rotten .	In the following year , Butcher returned and was eliminated in round by Jacob Rotten .
221	The Tweenies consist of Bella , Milo , Fizz , Jake , Doodles , Izzles , Max , Judy , and are sometimes joined by Max 's sister Polly .	The tweenies consist of Bella , Milo , Fizz , Jake , Scribbles , Izzles , Max , Judy and are sometimes joined by Max 'apos ; Sister Polly .	The Tweenies consist of Jamie , Milo , Fizz , Jake , Doodles , Izzles , Max , Judy , and are sometimes joined by Max 's sister Polly .
223	Hector Crawford was the brother of 3DB manager and administrator Curteis Crawford , and also brother to Dorothy Crawford .	Hector Crawford was brother of 3DB manager and administrator Curteis Crawford , and also brother of Dorothy Crawford .	Hector Robert was the brother of 3DB manager and administrator Curteis Robert , and also brother to Dorothy Robert .
227	The world 's first laser was developed in 1960 by the American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov and the Russian scientist Charles H. Townes .	In 1960 , the world 's first laser was developed by American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov , and Russian scientist Charles H. Townes .	The world 's first laser was developed in 1960 by the American scientists Nikolay Basov and Zachary Prokhorov and the Russian scientist Charles H. Townes .
246	He was named " Thomas " for the friend of Henry David Thoreau , Thomas Cholmondeley , and " Parker " for Theodore Parker .	He was named " Thomas " for Henry David Thoreau 's friend , Thomas Cholmondeley and " Parker " for Theodore Parker .	He was named " Thomas " for the friend of Ian David Thoreau , Thomas Cholmondeley , and " Parker " for Theodore Parker .
261	Charley Frazier ( born August 12 , 1939 in Houston , Texas ) is a former American Football Wide Receiver from the NFL and the American Football League .	Charley Frazier ( born August 12 , 1939 in Houston , Texas ) is a former American football receiver in the American Football League and the NFL .	Mary Frazier ( born August 12 , 1939 in Houston , Texas ) is a former American Football Wide Receiver from the NFL and the American Football League .
264	The director Larysa Malyukova and the film critic Amir Yatsiv discussed the rare genre of animated film .	A film director Larysa Malyukova and film critic Amir Yatsiv discussed the rare genre of the animated documentary .	The director Larysa Malyukova and the film critic Dylan Yatsiv discussed the rare genre of animated film .
267	It was climbed freely and named after Bill House when he first climbed it in 1938 .	It was free climbed and named after Bill House , when he first climbed it in 1938 .	It was climbed freely and named after Gabriel House when he first climbed it in 1938 .
282	Turing had an older brother , John Dermot Turing ( the father of Sir John , 12th Baronet of Turing Baronets ) .	Turing had an elder brother , John Dermot Turing ( the father of Sir John , 12th Baronet of the Turing baronets ) .	Turing had an older brother , Cameron Dermot Turing ( the father of Sir Cameron , 12th Baronet of Turing Baronets ) .
293	Morton was the son of John Morton , a Member of Parliament for Shaftesbury , and the nephew of William Morton , the Archbishop of Canterbury .	Morton was son of John Morton , Member of Parliament for Shaftesbury , and the nephew of William Morton , the Archbishop of Canterbury .	Morton was the son of John Morton , a Member of Parliament for Shaftesbury , and the nephew of Jacob Morton , the Archbishop of Canterbury .
297	In 1872 , Sir James married John Nairne Forman ( December 20 , 1929 ) , daughter of Helen Margaret von Staffa , WS .	Sir James married , in 1872 , John Nairne Forman ( d. 20 December 1929 ) , daughter of Helen Margaret of Staffa , WS .	In 1872 , Sir James married John Nairne Forman ( December 20 , 1929 ) , daughter of Helen Margaret Henry Staffa , WS .
302	Easthope , born at Tewkesbury on 29 October 1784 , was the eldest son of Elizabeth by Thomas Easthope , daughter of John Leaver of Overbury , Worcestershire .	Easthope , born on 29 October 1784 in Tewkesbury , was the eldest son of Elizabeth by Thomas Easthope , daughter of John Leaver from Overbury , Worcestershire .	Easthope , born at Tewkesbury on 29 October 1784 , was the eldest son of Elizabeth by Aiden Easthope , daughter of John Leaver of Overbury , Worcestershire .
323	After conferences between Leonard and Griffith in New York , Griffith flew to Los Angeles and filmed the episode .	Following conferences between Leonard and Griffith in New York , Griffith flew to Los Angeles and filmed the episode .	After conferences between Alex and Griffith in New York , Griffith flew to Los Angeles and filmed the episode .
325	Major General Francis Okello replaced Major General Nathan Mugisha as commander of AMISOM on 7 July 2009 .	On July 7 , 2009 , General Major Nathan Mugisha was replaced as Commander of AMISOM by the general major Francis Okello .	Major General Francis Okello replaced Major General Michael Mugisha as commander of AMISOM on 7 July 2009 .
339	Leonard and Madonna had added Spanish phrases in the chorus , over the trumpets of the second verse , and also in the added instrumental break in the middle .	Leonard and Madonna had added Spanish phrases in the chorus , about the trumpets of the second verse and also in the added instrumental fracture in the middle .	Leonard and Patricia had added Spanish phrases in the chorus , over the trumpets of the second verse , and also in the added instrumental break in the middle .
340	The son of Olin M. Jeffords , serving as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Vermont , was born James Jeffords in Rutland , Vermont .	The son of Olin M. Jeffords , who served as Chief Justice of the Vermont Supreme Court , James Jeffords was born in Rutland , Vermont .	The son of Olin M. Jeffords , serving as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Vermont , was born Liam Jeffords in Rutland , Vermont .
367	Previous editors include Michel Foucault , Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie , Georges Dumézil , François Jacob , Jacques Le Goff , François Furet and Raymond Aron .	Past editors include Raymond Aron , Georges Dumézil , François Jacob , Michel Foucault , Emanuel Le Roy Ladurie , François Furet , and Jacques Le Goff .	Previous editors include Michel Foucault , Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie , Georges Dumézil , François Matthew , Jacques Le Goff , François Furet and Raymond Aron .
385	In the summer of 1956 , Mike Barnett took over the role of Frank Lovejoy until the series ' end that same year .	In the summer of 1956 , Mike Barnett took over the role of Frank Lovejoy until the end of the series in that same year .	In the summer of 1956 , Mike Barnett took over the role of Ethan Lovejoy until the series ' end that same year .
404	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles with his family in Summer Bay and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into different scratches .	Nick Luis ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .
409	Andrea Bocelli called her rehearsal performance " very nice " , and David Foster called her voice spectacular .	Andrea Andrea Bocelli called her sample performance " very nice " , and David Foster called her voice spectacular .	Andrea Bocelli called her rehearsal performance " very nice " , and David Christian called her voice spectacular .
426	It was their third hit with the first " Peach " , Linda Greene .	It was their third hit with the first " Peaches " , Linda Greene .	It was their third hit with the first " Peach " , Taylor Greene .
428	He has two sons : older Maharana Mahendra Singh and younger Arvind Singh .	He has two sons : elder Maharana Mahendra Singh and younger Arvind Singh .	He has two sons : older Maharana Mahendra Singh and younger Andrew Singh .
429	Virgil Weigel is Democratic member of the Kansas House of Representatives , representing the 56th district ( Shawnee County , Kansas in Topeka , Kansas ) .	Virgil Weigel is democratic member of the House of Representatives of Kansas and represents the 56th district ( Shawnee County , Kansas in Topeka , Kansas ) .	Derek Weigel is Democratic member of the Kansas House of Representatives , representing the 56th district ( Shawnee County , Kansas in Topeka , Kansas ) .
430	This species can be found in Papua New Guinea , Bismarck Archipelago : New Britain ; Woodlark Island ; West Papua ; Aru Islands .	This species can be found in New - Britannia , Bismarck - archipelago : Woodlark Island , Papua - New Guinea , West Papua and Aru - Islands .	This species can be found in Papua New Guinea , Bismarck Archipelago : New Britain ; Woodlark Island ; George Papua ; Aru Islands .
442	" Pogonodon " was described by Edward Drinker Cope in 1880 , and two species are known : " P. davisi " and " P. platycopis " .	" Pogonodon " was described in 1880 by Edward Drinker Cope . Two species are recognized , " P. davisi " and " P. platycopis " .	" Pogonodon " was described by James Drinker Cope in 1880 , and two species are known : " P. davisi " and " P. platycopis " .
448	After the death of Fred Miller in 1998 and John Paul Miller in 2000 , Mary Miller continued living in the house , located south of Cleveland .	Following the death of Fred Miller in 1998 and John Paul Miller in 2000 , Mary Miller continued to live in the house located south of Cleveland .	After the death of Fred Miller in 1998 and John Brian Miller in 2000 , Mary Miller continued living in the house , located south of Cleveland .
451	Lyman Glacier was named after William Denison Lyman by Claude Ewing Rusk , because Lyman was one of the first to describe some of the features and history of Mount Adam .	Lyman Glacier was named after William Denison Lyman by Claude Ewing Rusk because Lyman was one of the first to describe some of Mount Adams ' features and history .	Caleb Glacier was named after William Denison Caleb by Claude Ewing Rusk , because Caleb was one of the first to describe some of the features and history of Mount Adam .
453	The friend of Dantès , Fernand Mondego ( Sidney Blackmer ) , accompanies him to the jail .	Dantès ' friend Sidney Blackmer ( Fernand Mondego ) accompanies him to the jail .	The friend of Dantès , Fernand Mondego ( Riley Blackmer ) , accompanies him to the jail .
481	Bertlmann was a close friend and collaborator of the late Walter Thirring and worked together with John Stewart Bell .	Bertlmann was close friend and collaborator of the late Walter Thirring and worked with John Stewart Bell .	Bertlmann was a close friend and collaborator of the late Walter Thirring and worked together with John Marcus Bell .
483	The music of the film was composed by Vijaya Bhaskar and written lyrics for the soundtrack of Chi Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha .	The music of the film was composed by Vijaya Bhaskar and lyrics for the soundtrack written by Chi . Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha .	The music of the film was composed by Vijaya Bhaskar and written lyrics for the soundtrack of Karen Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Narasimha .
486	Today ( from 2013 to 2017 ) the mayor is Fernando Nogueira , elected by the PenCe ( independent movement ) . The municipal holiday is October 1st .	The present ( from 2013 to 2017 ) Mayor is Fernando Nogueira , elected by the PenCe ( independent movement ) . The municipal holiday is October 1 .	Today ( from 2013 to 2017 ) the mayor is Bradley Nogueira , elected by the PenCe ( independent movement ) . The municipal holiday is October 1st .
494	During the five days of the journey he brought with him some books about Elba , which he studied from Fontainebleau .	During the five days of the journey , he brought some books about Elba which he studied from Fontainebleau .	During the five days of the journey he brought with him some books about Andrea , which he studied from Fontainebleau .
507	Sparrow convinces Turner that Elizabeth can be freed with the magic compass to find the chest .	Sparrow convinces Turner that Elizabeth can be freed by using the magic compass to find the chest .	Sparrow convinces Turner that Alicia can be freed with the magic compass to find the chest .
508	La Unión is a city in Ezeiza Partido , in the Greater Buenos Aires , Argentina .	La Unión is a town in Ezeiza Partido , in the Greater Buenos Aires , Argentina .	Crystal Unión is a city in Ezeiza Partido , in the Greater Buenos Aires , Argentina .
509	Independent member John Archibald Maharg served as leader of the opposition in 1923 and Harris Turner , also independent , served as opposition leader in 1924 and 1925 .	In 1923 , John Archibald Maharg was an independent member of the opposition leader , and Harris Turner , also independent , served as opposition leader in 1924 and 1925 .	Independent member John Matthew Maharg served as leader of the opposition in 1923 and Harris Turner , also independent , served as opposition leader in 1924 and 1925 .
542	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the " Magnum Opus " of the Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley , written together with Salim Ali .	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the " magnum opus " of Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley , written along with Salim Ali .	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the " Magnum Opus " of the Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Alexis , written together with Salim Ali .
551	She finds new hope and friendship in Enzo , the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new creative heights .	In Enzo , the replacement guitarist who inspired her to new creative heights , she finds new hope and friendship .	She finds new hope and friendship in Austin , the replacement guitarist who inspires her to reach new creative heights .
564	Another Dutch silversmith who worked in an auricular style was Thomas Bogaert .	Another Dutch silversmith who worked in the auricular style was Thomas Bogaert .	Another Dutch silversmith who worked in an auricular style was Isaac Bogaert .
572	Brighton Beach Railway Station is located on the Sandringham line in Victoria , Australia , and serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburbs of Brighton .	Brighton Beach railway station is located on the Sandringham line in Victoria , Australia , and serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburb of Brighton .	Luke Beach Railway Station is located on the Sandringham line in Victoria , Australia , and serves the south-eastern Melbourne suburbs of Luke .
575	Tracey Emin , Angus Fairhurst , Billy Childish , Jake Chapman , Billy Childish and Joshua Compston included in the project .	Writers for the project included Tracey Emin , Angus Fairhurst , Billy Childish , Jake Chapman , Billy Childish and Joshua Compston .	Tracey Emin , Angus Fairhurst , Billy Childish , Jake Mark , Billy Childish and Joshua Compston included in the project .
594	A historical figure is a famous person in history , such as Katharina the Great , Napoleon , Washington , or Abraham Lincoln .	A historical figure is a famous person in history , such as Catherine the Great , Napoleon , Washington , or Abraham Lincoln .	A historical figure is a famous person in history , such as Katharina the Great , Napoleon , Washington , or Liam Lincoln .
598	In the 2015 documentary film " The Gettysburg Address " , Edward Everett is portrayed by actor Ed Asner .	In the documentary " The Gettysburg Address " of 2015 , Edward Everett is portrayed by the actor Ed Asner .	In the 2015 documentary film " The Gettysburg Address " , Connor Everett is portrayed by actor Ed Asner .
599	The singer debuted at the Metropolitan Opera in 1993 as Hans Foltz in " Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg " by Richard Wagner .	The singer debuted in 1993 at the Metropolitan Opera as Hans Foltz in " Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg " by Richard Wagner .	The singer debuted at the Metropolitan Opera in 1993 as Hans Foltz in " Die Meistersinger von Nürnberg " by Juan Wagner .
632	Johnson has worked in animal molecular genetics in laboratories in Sydney , Townsville Queensland , Melbourne and Boston USA .	Johnson has worked in molecular genetic animal experiments in laboratories in Melbourne , Townsville Queensland , Sydney , and Boston USA .	Gabriel has worked in animal molecular genetics in laboratories in Sydney , Townsville Queensland , Melbourne and Boston USA .
637	Henry Foss plays Ryan Robbins , who runs the Sanctuary 's computer and security systems .	Henry Foss plays Ryan Robbins , who runs the Sanctuary 's computers and security systems .	Henry Foss plays Austin Robbins , who runs the Sanctuary 's computer and security systems .
642	The hall was left to Charles Loraine Smith who took the name Charles Loraine .	The hall was left Charles Loraine Smith , who took the name Charles Loraine .	The hall was left to Charles Loraine Connor who took the name Charles Loraine .
644	Justo buries Manuel alive and then goes away .	Justo buries Manuel alive and then goes away again .	Justo buries Patrick alive and then goes away .
656	The house was purchased by Sir David Dundas of Dunira in 1858 , who sold it on to George Dewhurst of Lymm , Cheshire , in 1864 .	The house was bought in 1858 by Sir David Dundas of Dunira , who sold it to George Dewhurst of Lymm , Cheshire in 1864 .	The house was purchased by Sir Daniel Dundas of Dunira in 1858 , who sold it on to George Dewhurst of Lymm , Cheshire , in 1864 .
661	J. David Spurlock was born on November 18 , 1959 in Dallas , Texas . He moved to Memphis , Tennessee in 1973 .	David Spurlock was born on 18 November 1959 in Dallas , Texas , and moved to Memphis , Tennessee in 1973 .	J. Luke Spurlock was born on November 18 , 1959 in Dallas , Texas . He moved to Memphis , Tennessee in 1973 .
677	For the 2011 season -- 12 Cowdenbeath were managed by Colin Cameron , following the resignation of Jimmy Nicholl at the end of the previous season .	For season 2011 -- 12 Cowdenbeath were managed by Colin Cameron , following the resignation of Jimmy Nicholl at the end of the previous season .	For the 2011 season -- 12 Cowdenbeath were managed by Shawn Cameron , following the resignation of Jimmy Nicholl at the end of the previous season .
686	Hugh Lawson Cansler was born in Maryville , Tennessee , in 1871 , a son of Laura Scott ( originally spelled " Cansler " ) and Gentzler .	Hugh Lawson Cansler was born in 1871 in Maryville , Tennessee , as son of Laura Scott ( originally " Cansler " ) and Gentzler .	Hugh Lawson Cansler was born in Maryville , Tennessee , in 1871 , a son of Tracy Scott ( originally spelled " Cansler " ) and Gentzler .
711	Major airports near Seymour include : Austin Straubel International Airport ( public ) , in Ashwaubenon ; Appleton International Airport ( public ) , in Greenville .	Airports near Seymour : Austin Straubel International Airport ( public ) in Ashwaubenon and International Airport Appleton ( public ) in Greenville .	Major airports near Seymour include : Jesse Straubel International Airport ( public ) , in Ashwaubenon ; Appleton International Airport ( public ) , in Greenville .
717	Mike Harthcock ( also known as Mike Hart ) is an American poker player from Winter Haven , Florida .	Mike Harthcock ( also known as Mike Hart ) is an American poker poker player from Winter Haven , Florida .	Mike Harthcock ( also known as Mike Joshua ) is an American poker player from Winter Haven , Florida .
732	For the 17th time the Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship as third or skip .	Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship for the 17th time as either third or skip .	For the 17th time the Glenn Nicholas won the Ontario Championship as third or skip .
739	He lives with his wife Cynthia in Ridgefield , Connecticut , and has four children : Jason , Heather , Lindsay and Rebecca .	He currently lives in Ridgefield , Connecticut , with his wife Cynthia . He has four children : Lindsay , Heather , Jason , and Rebecca .	He lives with his wife Cynthia in Ridgefield , Connecticut , and has four children : Jason , Heather , Lindsay and Anna .
743	He played the childhood role of Mohanlal , which was portrayed by Thomas Chacko .	He played the childhood role of Mohanlal , portrayed by Thomas Chacko .	He played the childhood role of Mohanlal , which was portrayed by Jesse Chacko .
766	Sir Roger Martyn ( or Martin ) was Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 , he was Sheriff of London in 1559 .	Sir Roger Martyn ( or Martin ) was a mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 ; he was also Sheriff of London in 1559 .	Sir Roger Martyn ( or Martin ) was Peter and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 , he was Sheriff of London in 1559 .
783	In 1995 she married Stuart Kerri McKeehan , the sister of TobyMac .	Stuart married Kerri McKeehan , sister of TobyMac , in 1995 .	In 1995 she married Stuart Isabella McKeehan , the sister of TobyMac .
798	On December 30 , 1888 , she married Susie J. Clarke in Ayer , Massachusetts .	On December 30 , 1888 , Susie married Clarke Brown in Ayer , Massachusetts .	On December 30 , 1888 , she married Avery J. Clarke in Ayer , Massachusetts .
802	Lowther died in 1872 and because he had no legitimate heirs , the Lowther Estates were handed over to his nephew William .	Henry Lowther died in 1872 and because he had no legitimate heirs the Lowther Estates were passed to his nephew William .	Lowther died in 1872 and because he had no legitimate heirs , the Lowther Estates were handed over to his nephew Liam .
808	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 with Reuter , Timo Scheider , Volker Strycek and Marcel Tiemann this victory .	This victory repeated this victory in an Opel Astra in 2003 with Reuter , Marcel Tiemann , Volker Strycek and Timo Scheider .	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 with Reuter , Timo Scheider , Volker Strycek and Jason Tiemann this victory .
814	Ann is married to Ann , who pastors with Jennifer Aull in the Greenpoint Reformed Church in Brooklyn .	Ann is married to Ann , with Jennifer Aull at the Greenpoint Reformed Church in Brooklyn pastors .	Ann is married to Ann , who pastors with Kimberly Aull in the Greenpoint Reformed Church in Brooklyn .
822	Daniela Castro ( born Daniela Castro Arellano on August 17 , 1966 in Mexico , City , Mexico ) is a Mexican Irish actress and singer .	Daniela Castro ( born Daniela Castro Arellano on 17 August 1966 in Mexico City , Mexico ) is a Mexican Irish actress and singer .	Natalie Castro ( born Natalie Castro Arellano on August 17 , 1966 in Mexico , City , Mexico ) is a Mexican Irish actress and singer .
824	Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system alongside Moyles , Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford .	Besides Moyles , Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford , Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers .	Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system alongside Moyles , Peadár Gardiner and Antonio Rochford .
826	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title .	In the final , Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol at 6 : 4 , 6 : 4 , to win the title .	Nicholas Monroe and Matthew Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title .
853	Other frequenters of the colony were the writer Adolf Wolff and the sculptor Alfred Kreymborg .	Other visitors of the colony were the writer Adolf Wolff and the sculptor Alfred Kreymborg .	Other frequenters of the colony were the writer Adolf Wolff and the sculptor Anthony Kreymborg .
911	He was born on 23 January 1919 in Chiswick , London , Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert , and died on 29 January 1984 in London .	He was born Humphrey Lestocq Gilbert on 23 January 1919 in Chiswick , London , England . He died on 29 January 1984 in London .	He was born on 23 January 1919 in Chiswick , London , Humphrey Lestocq Brian , and died on 29 January 1984 in London .
916	Ayeza Khan ( born 15 January 1991 as Aiza Khan ) , also known as Kinza Khan , is a Pakistani television actress and model .	Ayeza Khan ( born Aiza Khan on 15 January ,1991 ) , also known as Kinza Khan , is a Pakistani television actress and model .	Ayeza Khan ( born 15 January 1991 as Hailey Khan ) , also known as Kinza Khan , is a Pakistani television actress and model .
919	At the 2011 census , 86.4 % of inhabitants were Roma , 5.9 % Hungarians , 5.2 % Romanians and 0.7 % Germans .	In the 2011 census , 86.4 % of inhabitants were Roma , 5.9 % Hungarians , 5.2 % Romanians and 0.7 % Germans .	At the 2011 census , 86.4 % of inhabitants were Brittany , 5.9 % Hungarians , 5.2 % Romanians and 0.7 % Germans .
923	At the same time , Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with him so they can start the ritual that will break the curse .	At the same time , Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with him so that they can start the ritual that will break the curse .	At the same time , Klaus meets Elena and Connor and asks Elena to go with him so they can start the ritual that will break the curse .
947	His partner was Diego Milito , who was acquired like the midfielder Thiago Motta from Genoa .	His partner was Diego Milito , acquired from Genoa , like the midfielder Thiago Motta .	His partner was Diego Milito , who was acquired like the midfielder Benjamin Motta from Genoa .
949	A historic figure is a famous person in history , such as Catherine the Great , Abraham Lincoln , Washington , or Napoleon .	A historical figure is a famous person in history , such as Catherine the Great , Napoleon , Washington , or Abraham Lincoln .	A historic figure is a famous person in history , such as Catherine the Great , Abraham Charles , Washington , or Napoleon .
956	Vonberg studied at Imperial College then joined the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945 where he worked with Martin Ryle .	Vonberg studied at Imperial College and joined the Cavendish Laboratory where he worked with Martin Ryle in 1945 .	Vonberg studied at Imperial College then joined the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945 where he worked with Brian Ryle .
957	William Wilberforce Nadiope succeeded the late Sir Muloki as Kyabazinga .	William Wilberforce Nadiope was succeeded as Kyabazinga by the late Sir Muloki .	Dustin Wilberforce Nadiope succeeded the late Sir Muloki as Kyabazinga .
966	He wrote the script in cooperation with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour .	He wrote the screenplay in cooperation with Cyril Rambour , Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen .	He wrote the script in cooperation with Bianca Olsen , Taylor Aubanel and Cyril Rambour .
968	Born in Hartford , Wisconsin , Barney attended public schools and Lombard College , Galesburg , Illinois .	Barney was born in Hartford , Wisconsin , and attended the public schools and Lombard College , Galesburg , Illinois .	Born in Hartford , Wisconsin , Adrian attended public schools and Lombard College , Galesburg , Illinois .
978	Stevens was a Republican when the party was founded , and became a Delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868 .	Stevens was a Republican when the party was formed , and became a delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868 .	Jacob was a Republican when the party was founded , and became a Delegate to the Republican National Conventions in 1860 and 1868 .
979	Giuseppe Anatrelli ( 3 January 1925 - 29 November 1981 ) , also known as Geppino Anatrelli , was an Italian film , stage and television actor .	Giuseppe Anatrelli ( January 3 , 1925-November 29 , 1981 ) , also known as Geppino Anatrelli , was an Italian film , stage and television actor .	Hunter Anatrelli ( 3 January 1925 - 29 November 1981 ) , also known as Geppino Anatrelli , was an Italian film , stage and television actor .
986	In collaboration with Cyril Rambour , Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen , he wrote the script .	He wrote the script in cooperation with Bianca Olsen , Laurie Aubanel and Cyril Rambour .	In collaboration with Cyril Rambour , Laurie Aubanel and Samantha Olsen , he wrote the script .
997	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI - Agent John E. Douglas , and Bill Tench is based on the ground-breaking FBI agent Robert K. Ressler .	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI agent John E. Douglas , and Bill Tench is based on pioneering FBI agent Robert K. Ressler .	The character of Holden Ford is based on FBI - Agent John E. Douglas , and Bill Tench is based on the ground-breaking FBI agent Elijah K. Ressler .
1001	Nigel Melville is the Chief Executive Officer and President of Rugby - Operations for USA Rugby , while Les Cusworth is the Director of Rugby in Argentina .	Nigel Melville is the chief executive officer and president of rugby operations for USA Rugby while Les Cusworth is Argentina 's Director of Rugby .	Mason Melville is the Chief Executive Officer and President of Rugby - Operations for USA Rugby , while Les Cusworth is the Director of Rugby in Argentina .
1006	Hu Cheng and his men meet Li Kui on their way to Song Jiang 's camp .	Hu Cheng and his men meet Li Kui on his way to Song Jiang 's camp .	Hu Brian and his men meet Li Kui on their way to Song Jiang 's camp .
1021	The auxiliary service of the Archdiocese of Naples is Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe , Lucio Lemmo and Gennaro Acampa are current ordinars .	The auxiliary of the Archdiocese of Naples is Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe . Lucio Lemmo and Gennaro Acampa are current ordinary .	The auxiliary service of the Archdiocese of Naples is Cardinal Crescenzio Sepe , Lucio Lemmo and Stephen Acampa are current ordinars .
1055	Since he had taken Johnny 's shot for him , it is the turn of Brad now .	Since he had taken Johnny 's shot for him , it is now Brad 's turn .	Since he had taken Patrick 's shot for him , it is the turn of Brad now .
1061	Keenan played as a 197 cm ruckman and was a solid marker of the ball as well as having a good drop punt .	Keenan played as 197 cm Ruckman and was a solid marker of the ball as well as a good drop - punt .	Liam played as a 197 cm ruckman and was a solid marker of the ball as well as having a good drop punt .
1070	Alfred Barton Brady was a government architect and Thomas Pye , deputy government architect .	Alfred Barton Brady was Government Architect and Thomas Pye , Deputy Government Architect .	Alfred Barton Jesus was a government architect and Thomas Pye , deputy government architect .
1072	Bingaman was born in 1926 , in McKenzie , Indiana , moved to Tennessee , and attended Lew Wallace High School in Gary , Indiana .	Bingaman was born in McKenzie , Indiana in 1926 , moved to Tennessee and visited the Lew Wallace High School in Gary , Indiana .	Bingaman was born in 1926 , in McKenzie , Indiana , moved to Tennessee , and attended Lew George High School in Gary , Indiana .
1077	Included Bob Flanagan , Sheree Rose , Ron Athey , Vaginal Davis , Daphne Von Rey , Jenny Shimizu , Catherine Opie , Michele Mills .	Daphne from Rey , Jenny Shimizu , Catherine Opie , Sheree Rose , Ron Athey , Vaginal Davis , Bob Flanagan and Michele Mills .	Included Bob Flanagan , Sheree Rose , Ron Athey , Vaginal Davis , Daphne Sean Rey , Jenny Shimizu , Catherine Opie , Michele Mills .
1080	There are no secondary schools in the island . The nearest are Thurstable School in Tiptree and Thomas Lord Audley School in Colchester .	There are no secondary schools on the island , the nearest are Thurstable School in Tiptree and Thomas Lord Audley School in Colchester .	There are no secondary schools in the island . The nearest are Thurstable School in Tiptree and Antonio Lord Audley School in Colchester .
1082	In these he already shows an adaptation to the Roman style , especially that of Michelangelo , whose ceiling had just been completed the Sistine Chapel .	In these he already shows an adaption to Roman style , especially that of Michelangelo , whose Sistine Chapel ceiling had just been completed .	In these he already shows an adaptation to the Roman style , especially that of Joseph , whose ceiling had just been completed the Sistine Chapel .
1093	The manuscript was transferred to Nicephorus Glykas by Eduard Reuss , Bishop of Imbro .	The manuscript was presented by Eduard Reuss , Bishop of Imbro , to Nicephorus Glykas .	The manuscript was transferred to Nicephorus Glykas by Joseph Reuss , Bishop of Imbro .
1099	In 1914 , the Sunset Hotel closed and the Oceanic Hotel was purchased by John Barber .	In 1914 the Sunset Hotel was closed and the Oceanic Hotel bought by John Barber .	In 1914 , the Sunset Hotel closed and the Oceanic Hotel was purchased by Nicholas Barber .
1108	Horace W. married Horace W. Goggins , a dentist . They had a son whom they named Juanita , II .	They married Horace W. Goggins , a dentist , a son whom they named Juanita II .	Benjamin W. married Benjamin W. Goggins , a dentist . They had a son whom they named Juanita , II .
1130	Born in Alpheton , Suffolk in 1794 , Thomas Clark joined William Debenham in a partnership to lead a draper 's store at Wigmore Street 44 in London .	Born in 1794 in Alpheton in Suffolk , Thomas Clark joined William Debenham in a partnership to manage a draper 's store at 44 Wigmore Street in London .	Born in Alpheton , Suffolk in 1794 , Peter Clark joined William Debenham in a partnership to lead a draper 's store at Wigmore Street 44 in London .
1132	He sang in Europe at Le Lido in Paris and joined Betty Grable in the London West End Musical " Belle Starr " .	In Europe , he sang at Le Lido in Paris and appeared with Betty Grable in the London West End musical " Belle Starr " .	He sang in Europe at Le Lido in Paris and joined Betty Grable in the London West End Musical " Savannah Starr " .
1147	Early charges used the term " obscenity " as well as after " Miller v. California " , though the term " pornography " remained as a reference entry :	Early charges used the term " obscenity " as well as " Miller v. California " , though the term " pornography " remained as a reference entry :	Early charges used the term " obscenity " as well as after " Carlos v. California " , though the term " pornography " remained as a reference entry :
1153	Several streets are named after him , including the roads in Ballarat , Melton , Buninyong , Geelong West , Brighton .	Several streets are named after him including streets in Ballarat , Melton , Buninyong , Geelong West , Brighton .	Several streets are named after him , including the roads in Ballarat , Melton , Buninyong , Geelong West , Luis .
1160	Tousignant served in the 31st and 32nd Canadian Parliaments before beating the Progressive Conservative Party in the 1984 election by Gabriel Desjardins .	Tousignant served in the 31st and 32nd Canadian Parliaments before being defeated in the 1984 election by Gabriel Desjardins of the Progressive Conservative party .	Tousignant served in the 31st and 32nd Canadian Parliaments before beating the Progressive Conservative Party in the 1984 election by Travis Desjardins .
1172	" Town Without Pity " is a song written by composer Ned Washington and lyricist Dimitri Tiomkin .	" Town Without Pity " is a song written by the composer Ned Washington and lyricist Dimitri Tiomkin .	" Town Without Pity " is a song written by composer Ned Isaac and lyricist Dimitri Tiomkin .
1190	Henderson married Richard Henderson , with whom he had a son , Vera Cameron Price Fitz Randolph , on August 23 , 1923 .	Henderson married Richard Henderson on August 23 , 1923 , with whom he had one son , Vera Cameron Price Fitz Randolph .	Matthew married Richard Matthew , with whom he had a son , Vera Cameron Price Fitz Randolph , on August 23 , 1923 .
1192	The cast list indicates a date of first performance after Taylor joined the company in the Spring of 1619 , and before Tooley 's death in June 1623 .	The casting list indicates a first performance date after Taylor joined the company in the spring of 1619 and before the death of Tooley in June 1623 .	The cast list indicates a date of first performance after Mary joined the company in the Spring of 1619 , and before Tooley 's death in June 1623 .
1197	Diamonds and Batts lost the match after Sabin Batts held him , and he did not join the diamond .	Diamond and Batts lost the match after Sabin pinned Batts , and he did not join the Diamonds .	Diamonds and Batts lost the match after Caleb Batts held him , and he did not join the diamond .
1221	Note : The article in architecture in 1790 states that the house was completed in 1790 and built by Don Santiago Lorreins .	NOTE : The 1790 in architecture article states that the house was finished in 1790 and was built by Don Santiago Lorreins .	Note : The article in architecture in 1790 states that the house was completed in 1790 and built by Don Isaac Lorreins .
1224	In 1654 , Oliver Cromwell , the Irish parliament , gave a free hand to banish the British " undesirables .	In 1654 the Irish parliament gave Oliver Cromwell a free hand to banish British " undesirables " .	In 1654 , Luke Cromwell , the Irish parliament , gave a free hand to banish the British " undesirables .
1243	Allie sails from England to Australia alone after her father 's death .	After her father 's death , Allie sails alone from England to Australia .	Maria sails from England to Australia alone after her father 's death .
1256	John 's mother Sinclair T. Chitty married his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. at the age of 15 .	Sinclair T. Chitty , his mother , married at the age of 15 his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr..	John 's mother Gregory T. Chitty married his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. at the age of 15 .
1258	Alison Teresa Thiessen ( born October 19 , 1992 in Edmonton , Alberta , Alison Kotylak ) is a Canadian curler .	Alison Teresa Thiessen ( born October 19 , 1992 in Edmonton , Alberta as Alison Kotylak ) is a Canadian curler .	Melissa Teresa Thiessen ( born October 19 , 1992 in Edmonton , Alberta , Melissa Kotylak ) is a Canadian curler .
1264	Sam has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett who is not much older than Sam 's eldest son .	Sam has a much younger brother called Hank Bennett , who is not much older than Sam 's eldest son .	Logan has a much younger brother named Hank Bennett who is not much older than Logan 's eldest son .
1294	In early 1999 , he was instrumental in removing the then opposition leader , Steve Bracks , and electing his successor , John Brumby .	In early 1999 , he was instrumental in removing then Opposition Leader Steve Bracks and electing his successor John Brumby .	In early 1999 , he was instrumental in removing the then opposition leader , Steve Bracks , and electing his successor , Carlos Brumby .
1314	The New York and Erie Railroad completed its line between Piermont and Dunkirk , New York via Hornell and Salamanca in 1851 .	The New York and Erie Railroad completed its route between Piermont and Dunkirk in 1851 , New York via Hornell and Salamanca .	The New York and Chad Railroad completed its line between Piermont and Dunkirk , New York via Hornell and Salamanca in 1851 .
1320	Stefan informs Caroline that Alaric ( Paul Wesley ) stopped looking for a way to bring back Damon and Bonnie .	Stefan informs Caroline that Alaric ( Paul Wesley ) has stopped looking for a way to get Damon and Bonnie back .	Jacob informs Caroline that Alaric ( Paul Wesley ) stopped looking for a way to bring back Damon and Bonnie .
1321	Johannes Vares Barbarus ( -- November 29 , 1946 ) , commonly known as John Vares , was an Estonian poet , doctor , and politician .	Johannes Vares Barbarus ( -- 29 November 1946 ) , commonly known as Johannes Vares , was an Estonian poet , medical doctor , and politician .	Johannes Vares Barbarus ( -- November 29 , 1946 ) , commonly known as Nicholas Vares , was an Estonian poet , doctor , and politician .
1330	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 this victory with Reuter , Marcel Tiemann , Volker Strycek and Timo Scheider .	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 this victory with Reuter , Timo Scheider , Volker Strycek and Marcel Tiemann .	This victory repeated in an Opel Astra in 2003 this victory with Reuter , Peter Tiemann , Volker Strycek and Timo Scheider .
1332	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the " magnum opus " of Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley , written along with Salim Ali .	The Birds Handbook in India and Pakistan is the " Magnum Opus " of the Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley , written with Salim Ali .	The Handbook of the Birds of India and Pakistan is the " magnum opus " of Indian ornithologist S. Dillon Ripley , written along with Sean Ali .
1333	In March 1799 Captain David Lloyd replaced Boyle , and sailed " Hyaena " for the Mediterranean on 4 March .	In March 1799 , Captain David Lloyd replaced Boyle and sailed on 4 March with " Hyaena " towards the Mediterranean .	In March 1799 Captain Patrick Lloyd replaced Boyle , and sailed " Hyaena " for the Mediterranean on 4 March .
1339	A tower was designed by Barry in 1841 , but it was never built .	A spire was designed by Barry in 1841 , but it was never built .	A tower was designed by Cody in 1841 , but it was never built .
1353	Cunningham Elementary School was recognized in 2003 by Governor Jim McGreevey as one of 25 schools selected nationwide for the first annual governor of the School of Excellence Award .	Cunningham Elementary School was recognized by Governor Jim McGreevey in 2003 as one of 25 schools selected statewide for the First Annual Governor 's School of Excellence award .	Cunningham Elementary School was recognized in 2003 by Governor Jeremiah McGreevey as one of 25 schools selected nationwide for the first annual governor of the School of Excellence Award .
1360	Steve Reicher ( Stephen D Reicher ) is a Professor of Social Psychology and former Head of the School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews .	Stephen D. Reicher ( Steve Reicher ) is a Professor of Social Psychology and a former head of the School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews .	Samuel Reicher ( Stephen D Reicher ) is a Professor of Social Psychology and former Head of the School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews .
1372	Roger Kirk was born in Norfolk and brought up and trained in East London .	Roger Kirk was born in Norfolk and brought up and educated in East London .	Juan Kirk was born in Norfolk and brought up and trained in East London .
1380	Born as Doris Miles in Fredericksburg , Virginia , she married George J. Disney in 1936 and died in Glastonbury , Connecticut .	She was born Doris Miles in Fredericksburg , Virginia , and married George J. Disney in 1936 . She died in Glastonbury , Connecticut .	Born as Lindsey Miles in Fredericksburg , Virginia , she married George J. Disney in 1936 and died in Glastonbury , Connecticut .
1387	Andrew Castle and Roberto Saad won in the final 6 -- 7 , 6 -- 4 , 7 -- 6 , against Gary Donnelly and Jim Grabb .	Andrew Castle and Roberto Saad won in the final 6 -- 7 , 6 -- 4 , 7 - 6 against Gary Donnelly and Jim Grabb .	Andrew Castle and Luis Saad won in the final 6 -- 7 , 6 -- 4 , 7 -- 6 , against Gary Donnelly and Jim Grabb .
1389	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift shop , which has since been moved ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift store which has since relocated ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul William ( employees of a nearby gift shop , which has since been moved ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .
1401	From 1990 to 1992 , Walt Harris had the same positions at Division I-A ( now Division I FBS ) Pacific under White .	From 1990 to 1992 , Walt Harris had the same positions at Division I - A ( now Division I FBS ) Pacific under White .	From 1990 to 1992 , Walt Gregory had the same positions at Division I-A ( now Division I FBS ) Pacific under White .
1406	Lars Rosing plays the protagonist Malik in Greenland 's first international feature film " Nuummioq " , Lars Rosing lives near Montreal , Canada .	Lars Rosing plays the protagonist Malik in Greenland 's first international feature film " Nuummioq " . Lars Rosing lives near Montreal in Canada .	Samuel Rosing plays the protagonist Malik in Greenland 's first international feature film " Nuummioq " , Samuel Rosing lives near Montreal , Canada .
1412	In 2006 , the team added a second car for Thed Bjork and was replaced by Richard Göransson in 2009 .	The team added a second car for Thed Björk in 2006 , and was replaced by Richard Göransson in 2009 .	In 2006 , the team added a second car for Thed Bjork and was replaced by Marcus Göransson in 2009 .
1414	Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship for the third time as either 17th or skip .	For the third time , Glenn Glenn Howard won the Ontario Championship either as 17th or as a skip .	Glenn Mark won the Ontario Championship for the third time as either 17th or skip .
1421	The project was the creation of Mute Records - founder Daniel Miller , with Frank Tovey as a fictional frontman of the band .	The project was the creation of Mute Records founder Daniel Miller , with Frank Tovey acting as the band 's fictional frontman .	The project was the creation of Mute Records - founder Daniel Austin , with Frank Tovey as a fictional frontman of the band .
1431	In 1948 , B & amp ; H Publications produced through the camera " in cooperation with Cousin Harold White " George Bernard Shaw .	In collaboration with cousin Harold White , B & H Publications produced " George Bernard Shaw Through The Camera " in 1948 .	In 1948 , B & amp ; H Publications produced through the camera " in cooperation with Cousin Harold White " Derek Bernard Shaw .
1445	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .	Nick Smith ( Chris Benjamin ) settles with his family in Summer Bay , and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises .
1447	Outraged that Mehmet Gega escaped retribution , Janevski 's group took position to continue the protest .	Outraged that Mehmet Gega escaped retribution , the group took position of Janevski to continue the protest .	Outraged that Donald Gega escaped retribution , Janevski 's group took position to continue the protest .
1469	Olaf Petersen is played by Mark Williams in the television series .	Olaf Petersen is played in the television series of Mark Williams .	Olaf Petersen is played by Mark Nathan in the television series .
1470	A Jill Day Comic stripe , drawn by Denis Gifford , was released in Star Comics ( 1954 ) , published by Gifford and Bob Monkhouse .	A Jill Day comic strip drawn by Denis Gifford was published in Star Comics ( 1954 ) , edited by Gifford and Bob Monkhouse .	A Jill Day Comic stripe , drawn by Eric Gifford , was released in Star Comics ( 1954 ) , published by Gifford and Bob Monkhouse .
1471	His wife Eddy was the one who made the most of the dates with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro .	His wife Eddy was the one who made most of the appointments with the great artists for Tania G. Novarro .	His wife Eddy was the one who made the most of the dates with the great artists for Allison G. Novarro .
1474	On 31 December 2015 , Melvin returned to Purdue University as Defensive Line Coach for Darrell Hazell .	On December 31 , 2015 , Melvin returned to Purdue University as the defensive line coach for Darrell Hazell .	On 31 December 2015 , Melvin returned to Purdue University as Defensive Line Coach for Derek Hazell .
1475	In the provinces of Hainan , Guangdong , and Guangxi , Russ has killed at least 74 people and injured another 726 people .	Russ killed at least 74 people in Hainan , Guangdong and Guangxi Provinces and injured another 726 people .	In the provinces of Hainan , Guangdong , and Guangxi , Cameron has killed at least 74 people and injured another 726 people .
1485	Ciji Ware is the focus of Jane Maxwell Gordon 's 1989 novel " Island of the Swans " .	Ciji Ware is the focus of Jane Maxwell Gordon 's novel " Island of the Swans " from 1989 .	Ciji Ware is the focus of Jane Connor Gordon 's 1989 novel " Island of the Swans " .
1497	In 1815 , Ram Hill was known as Nutridge Hill and was connected to Westerleigh by the Broad Lane and Mays Hill by Frog Lane .	In the Mudge Map 1815 , Ram Hill was known as Nutridge Hill , and was linked to Westerleigh by Broad Lane and to Mays Hill by Frog Lane .	In 1815 , Brandon Hill was known as Nutridge Hill and was connected to Westerleigh by the Broad Lane and Mays Hill by Frog Lane .
1505	For a few years Björn went to the same school as Daniel ; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn Dixgård .	For a few years Björn went to the same school with Daniel and founded a band called Butler with Björn Dixgård at the age of fifteen .	For a few years Björn went to the same school as Shawn ; at the age of fifteen he founded a band called Butler together with Björn Dixgård .
1525	Dennis is arrested and sentenced to die with Hugh and Barnaby . Hugh and Dennis are pardoned . Barnaby , through the efforts of Gabriel Varden , is hanged .	Dennis is arrested and convicted to die with Hugh and Barnaby , Hugh and Dennis are pardoned , and Barnaby is hanged by the efforts of Gabriel Varden .	Dennis is arrested and sentenced to die with Mason and Barnaby . Mason and Dennis are pardoned . Barnaby , through the efforts of Gabriel Varden , is hanged .
1530	On December 30 , 1888 , she married in Ayer , Massachusetts , Susie J. Clarke .	Susie J. Clarke married Brown in Ayer , Massachusetts , on December 30 , 1888 .	On December 30 , 1888 , she married in Ayer , Massachusetts , Chelsea J. Clarke .
1544	In 1816 , Thomas Worthington married Sarah Worthington , second daughter of Governor King .	In 1816 , Thomas Worthington married Sarah Worthington , second daughter of the Governor King .	In 1816 , Thomas Worthington married Victoria Worthington , second daughter of Governor King .
1560	Aaron played youth football in the same league his brother Jason did Humble Area Football League HAF	Aaron played youth football in the same league his brother Jason did Humble Area Football League HAFL	Aaron played youth football in the same league his brother Adam did Humble Area Football League HAF
1571	In 1908 , Galen Seaman died and the newspaper was bought by Jolley .	Galen Seemann died in 1908 and the newspaper was bought by Jolley .	In 1908 , Brian Seaman died and the newspaper was bought by Jolley .
1581	Chris Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .	Nick Smith ( Chris Egan ) settles with his family in Summer Bay and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into different situations .	Bryan Egan ( Nick Smith ) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes .
1589	The Bank of the People was founded in 1835 by radical reform politicians John Rolph , James Hervey Price and Dr. James Lesslie in Toronto .	The Bank of the People was created by radical Reform politicians John Rolph , James Hervey Price , and Dr James Lesslie in Toronto in 1835 .	The Bank of the People was founded in 1835 by radical reform politicians John Rolph , James Hervey James and Dr. James Lesslie in Toronto .
1592	Three times married and has four children , Amy , Alex and James Firth from his first marriage , Rory Firth from his second .	Firth has been married three times and has four children ; Amy , Alex and James Firth , from his first marriage , Rory Firth from his second .	Three times married and has four children , Cynthia , Alex and James Firth from his first marriage , Rory Firth from his second .
1594	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift store which has since relocated ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Rahman and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift shop , which has been relocated since then ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .	Former recurring players from the show include Mujibur Shawn and Sirajul Islam ( employees of a nearby gift store which has since relocated ) , Calvert DeForest ( a.k.a .
1617	The main father and spiritual initiator of the wine school was Immanuel Dornfeld .	The main father and spiritual initiator of this wine school was Immanuel Dornfeld .	The main father and spiritual initiator of the wine school was Christopher Dornfeld .
1619	Cornelis van Cleve painted predominantly mythological paintings and to a lesser extent religious scenes and portraits .	Cornelis van Cleve painted primarily mythological paintings and , to a lesser extent , religious scenes and portraits .	Cornelis John Cleve painted predominantly mythological paintings and to a lesser extent religious scenes and portraits .
1628	As a Dr. Pepper salesman , Bob knew all the local grocery owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy .	As a Dr. Pepper salesman , Bob knew all of the local grocery store owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy .	As a Dr. Pepper salesman , Bob knew all the local grocery owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Juan .
1630	Rabbi Levi showed that on the night described in God taught Jacob all the signs .	Rabbi Levi showed that in the night Jacob described in God has taught all the signs .	Rabbi Hunter showed that on the night described in God taught Jacob all the signs .
1633	Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom was born in Schellingwoude now in Amsterdam . He studied painting with Andreas Schelfhout , a leading Romantic landscape painter .	Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom was born in Schellingwoude in Amsterdam and studied painting with Andreas Schelfhout , a leading romantic landscape painter .	Nicolaas Johannes Roosenboom was born in Schellingwoude now in Amsterdam . He studied painting with Jack Schelfhout , a leading Romantic landscape painter .
1649	Abbott would see action in 24 games for the Athletics that fall , and was traded to the Florida Marlins after the season in exchange for Kerwin Moore .	Abbott would see action in 24 games for the track athletics that fall , and was traded to the Florida - Marlins after the season in exchange for Kerwin Moore .	Abbott would see action in 24 games for the Athletics that fall , and was traded to the Florida Marlins after the season in exchange for Caleb Moore .
1680	In 2013 Peter married Anna Barattin while Julia is married to Nicholas Furiuele , both are members of the band Shantih Shantih .	Peter Anna Barattin married in 2013 while Julia was married to Nicholas Furiuele , both of whom are members of the band Shantih Shantih .	In 2013 Peter married Anna Barattin while Julia is married to Kevin Furiuele , both are members of the band Shantih Shantih .
1704	Sheffield Wednesday signed Kevin Pressman from Huddersfield Town on a free transfer on 12 July , 2002 , as backup to Evans .	Sheffield Wednesday signed Kevin Pressman from Huddersfield Town on July 12 , 2002 with a free transfer to backup Evans .	Sheffield Wednesday signed Evan Pressman from Huddersfield Town on a free transfer on 12 July , 2002 , as backup to Evans .
1705	Recently , Sexson lived with his wife Kerry in Ridgefield , Washington , and since 2014 has been a baseball trainer at the Summit High School in Bend , Oregon .	Sexson recently lived in Ridgefield , Washington with his wife Kerry . Since 2014 , he has been a baseball coach at Summit High School in Bend , Oregon .	Recently , Sexson lived with his wife Sara in Ridgefield , Washington , and since 2014 has been a baseball trainer at the Summit High School in Bend , Oregon .
1707	José Francisco Blake Mora inaugurated a boulevard in Tijuana , Baja California called " Felipe Calderón " on 11 October 2012 .	On 11th October 2012 , José Francisco Blake Mora inaugurated a boulevard in Tijuana , Baja California , called " Felipe Calderón " .	José Aaron Blake Mora inaugurated a boulevard in Tijuana , Baja California called " Felipe Calderón " on 11 October 2012 .
1724	Michele Emmer was the father of mathematician , writer and director Luciano Emmer .	Michele Michele Emmer was the father of mathematician , writer and director Luciano Emmer .	Allison Emmer was the father of mathematician , writer and director Luciano Emmer .
1725	He has supported John Barrymore in " Maryland " ( 1940 ) and Walter Brennan in " The Great Profile " ( 1940 ) .	He supported John Barrymore in " Maryland " ( 1940 ) and Walter Brennan in " The Great Profile " ( 1940 ) .	He has supported John Barrymore in " Maryland " ( 1940 ) and Walter Marcus in " The Great Profile " ( 1940 ) .
1727	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguars , Cleveland Browns and Virginia Destroyers .	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguare , Cleveland Browns , and Virginia Destroyers .	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguars , Cleveland Browns and Erica Destroyers .
1728	Ernest Renan visited Chalaaboun during his mission to Lebanon and described what he found in his book Mission de Phénicie ( 1865-1874 ) .	Ernest Renan visited Chalaaboun during his mission to the Lebanon and described what he found in his book Mission de Phénicie ( 1865-1874 ) .	Ryan Renan visited Chalaaboun during his mission to Lebanon and described what he found in his book Mission de Phénicie ( 1865-1874 ) .
1734	Corey played the part of Carter in Ryan Little 's 2007 film " House of Fears " .	Corey played the role of carter in Ryan Little 's film " House of Fears " in 2007 .	Andrew played the part of Carter in Ryan Little 's 2007 film " House of Fears " .
1746	Due to the results in the last round Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg , Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg .	Due to the results obtained in the previous round , Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg , Gianni Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg .	Due to the results in the last round Kevin Gleason received + 30 kg , Jesse Morbidelli + 20 kg and Pepe Oriola + 10 kg .
1753	His parents were Anna Hostetter Halderman ( 1822-1866 ) , a local businessman and Müller , and William Halderman ( 1828-1919 ) .	His parents were Anna Hostetter Halderman ( 1822-1866 ) , a local businessman and miller , and William Halderman ( 1828-1919 ) .	His parents were Emma Hostetter Halderman ( 1822-1866 ) , a local businessman and Müller , and William Halderman ( 1828-1919 ) .
1763	It also adds the personality of the character Audrey Hepburn , played by Holly Golightly .	It also adds to the personality of the character Audrey Hepburn , played by Holly Golightly .	It also adds the personality of the character Vanessa Hepburn , played by Holly Golightly .
1766	Jarvis Bay is a summer village in Alberta , Canada , located on the eastern shore of Sylvan Lake south of Jarvis Bay Provincial Park .	Jarvis Bay is a summer village in Alberta , Canada . It is located on the eastern shore of Sylvan Lake south of Jarvis Bay Provincial Park .	Jarvis Kaitlyn is a summer village in Alberta , Canada , located on the eastern shore of Sylvan Lake south of Jarvis Kaitlyn Provincial Park .
1774	In 1939 , he joined Larry Clinton 's band and moved to Claude Thornhill in 1941 , to Will Bradley in 1942 .	In 1939 , he joined Larry Clinton 's band , moving to Claude Thornhill 's in 1941 , and to Will Bradley 's in 1942 .	In 1939 , he joined Larry Clinton 's band and moved to Claude Thornhill in 1941 , to Alex Bradley in 1942 .
1778	Jeremy Horn lives in his hometown of Memphis , with his wife Denise and children Judah , Liam and Daisy .	Jeremy Horn lives in his hometown of Memphis , with his wife Denise and their children Judah , Liam and Daisy .	Jeremy Horn lives in his hometown of Memphis , with his wife Isabella and children Judah , Liam and Daisy .
1788	The series was written by Butch Guice by Ed Brubaker and illustrated by Bryan Hitch .	The series was inked by Ed Brubaker , written by Butch Guice , and illustrated by Bryan Hitch .	The series was written by Butch Guice by Aiden Brubaker and illustrated by Bryan Hitch .
1806	LaFlare confronted Roan Carneiro at UFC 208 on February 11 , 2017 , when he won the fight by unanimous decision .	LaFlare faced Roan Carneiro on February 11 , 2017 at UFC 208 . He won the fight by unanimous decision .	LaFlare confronted Dylan Carneiro at UFC 208 on February 11 , 2017 , when he won the fight by unanimous decision .
1808	Designed by the architect Henry L. Taylor , it was built by O. R. Woodcock .	It was designed by architect Henry L. Taylor and built by O. R. Woodcock .	Designed by the architect Henry L. Danielle , it was built by O. R. Woodcock .
1851	The Harrison had held the record since 1993 , a year before Bailey was born .	Harrison had held the record since 1993 , a year before Bailey was born .	The Sean had held the record since 1993 , a year before Bailey was born .
1859	Her father , the democrat Calvin L. Rampton , served in the Utah State Senate and ran unsuccessfully in 1964 for the governor of Utah against Mitchell Meich .	Her father , Democrat Calvin L. Rampton , served in the Utah State Senate and ran unsuccessfully for governor of Utah in 1964 against the Mitchell Melich .	Her father , the democrat Calvin L. Rampton , served in the Utah State Senate and ran unsuccessfully in 1964 for the governor of Utah against Carlos Meich .
1880	Garcia de Luna fought on the British side in the Battle of Carabobo , against Simón Bolívar and the Spanish Legions , during Venezuelan War of Independence in 1821 .	During the Venezuelan War of Independence in 1821 , Garcia de Luna fought Simón Bolívar and the Spanish legions on the British side at the Battle of Carabobo .	Garcia Matthew Luna fought on the British side in the Battle of Carabobo , against Simón Bolívar and the Spanish Legions , during Venezuelan War of Independence in 1821 .
1883	YU grupa guitarist Dragi Jelić , Željko Nikolić " VD " , Sr " unk " to Todorović and Roze Poze guitarist Ivan Vdović appeared as guests on the EP .	As guests on the EP appeared YU grupa guitarist Dragi Jelić , Željko Nikolić " VD " , Srđan Todorović and Roze Poze guitarist Ivan Vdović .	YU grupa guitarist Dragi Jelić , Željko Nikolić " VD " , Sr " unk " to Todorović and Roze Poze guitarist Zachary Vdović appeared as guests on the EP .
1886	It contained Tan Yuling 's bedroom , reading room , the family hall , Buddhist chapel and the separate quarters for Empress Wan Rong and the concubine Puyi .	It contained Tan Yuling 's bedroom , reading room , family hall , Buddhist chapel and the separate rooms for Empress Wan Rong and the concubine Puyi .	It contained Steven Yuling 's bedroom , reading room , the family hall , Buddhist chapel and the separate quarters for Empress Wan Rong and the concubine Puyi .
1888	Burton L. " Burt " Collins ( March 27 , 1931 , New York City -- February 23 , 2007 , Philadelphia ) was an American jazz trumpeter .	Burton L. " Burt " Collins ( 27 March 1931 , New York City -- February 23 , 2007 , Philadelphia ) was an American trumpeter .	Burton L. " Burt " Crystal ( March 27 , 1931 , New York City -- February 23 , 2007 , Philadelphia ) was an American jazz trumpeter .
1900	Harte temporarily took over the role of Dr. Michael McBain for Nathaniel Marston on the ABC soap " One Life to Live " in 2007 .	In 2007 , Harte temporarily took over the role of Dr. Michael McBain for Nathaniel Marston in ABC - Soap " One Life to Live " .	Harte temporarily took over the role of Dr. Michael McBain for Alexander Marston on the ABC soap " One Life to Live " in 2007 .
1906	Miranda quotes Voltaire , " If we do not find something pleasant at least we will find something new , " and looks longingly at Oscar .	Miranda quotes Voltaire : " If we don 't find at least something pleasant , we will find something new " , and looks longingly at Oscar .	Miranda quotes Voltaire , " If we do not find something pleasant at least we will find something new , " and looks longingly at Evan .
1916	Peggy Edenfield testified in the case against her husband George and has also agreed to testify against her son David during his trial .	Peggy Edenfield testified against her husband George in that case and also agreed to testify against her son , David , during his trial .	Peggy Edenfield testified in the case against her husband George and has also agreed to testify against her son William during his trial .
1918	John John Magufuli won the presidential election in October 2015 and secured a two-thirds majority in the parliament The Main Party or other party in Tanzania called Chadema .	John Magufuli won the October 2015 presidential election and secured a two-thirds majority in parliament . The main party or other party in Tanzania is called Chadema .	Richard Richard Magufuli won the presidential election in October 2015 and secured a two-thirds majority in the parliament The Main Party or other party in Tanzania called Chadema .
1920	Antony Worrall Thompson said the pie was intended as a treat for children and was not meant for regular consumption .	Antony Worrall Thompson said that the cake was intended as a treat for children and was not meant for regular consumption .	Julian Worrall Thompson said the pie was intended as a treat for children and was not meant for regular consumption .
1922	James Watson and Francis Crick shared the 1962 Nobel Prize for Physiology and Medicine with Rosalind Franklin ; Maurice Wilkins had already died from cancer in 1958 .	James Watson and Francis Crick shared the Nobel Prize for Physiology and Medicine with Rosalind Franklin in 1962 , and Maurice Wilkins died from cancer in 1958 .	Timothy Watson and Francis Crick shared the 1962 Nobel Prize for Physiology and Medicine with Rosalind Franklin ; Maurice Wilkins had already died from cancer in 1958 .
1930	The musical films " Mark Twain " and " Huckleberry Finn " , both based on Tom Sawyer 's novels , were partially shot on site .	The musical films " Mark Twain " and " Huckleberry Finn " , both based on Tom Sawyer 's novels , were shot partially on location here .	The musical films " Mark Twain " and " Huckleberry Finn " , both based on Bradley Sawyer 's novels , were partially shot on site .
1936	His wife , Jean , daughter of Sir Jean Stewart , Baronet , and Duncan Campbell , were their children :	By his wife , Jean , daughter of Sir Jean Stewart , Baronet and Duncan Campbell , their children were :	His wife , Jean , daughter of Sir Jean Bryan , Baronet , and Duncan Campbell , were their children :
1955	The Samuel J. Tilden House is located on the south side of Gramercy Park , facing the park across Gramercy Park South between Irving Place and Gramercy Park West .	Samuel J. Tilden House is located on the south side of Gramercy Park , opposite the park overlooking the Gramercy Park South between Irving Place and Gramercy Park West .	The Samuel J. Jason House is located on the south side of Gramercy Park , facing the park across Gramercy Park South between Irving Place and Gramercy Park West .
1964	In 1922 , Tzipora Meirov married Sharett ( 12 August , 1896 -- 30 September , 1973 ) and had two sons and one daughter , Jacob , Yael and Chaim .	In 1922 , Sharett married Tzipora Meirov ( 12 August 1896 - 30 September 1973 ) and had two sons and one daughter , Jacob , Yael and Chaim .	In 1922 , Karen Meirov married Sharett ( 12 August , 1896 -- 30 September , 1973 ) and had two sons and one daughter , Jacob , Yael and Chaim .
1975	The occupation includes Ashwini Bhave , Nilu Phule , Sulabha Deshpandey , Savita Prabhune , Ashok Saraf , Vikram Gokhale , Raja Mayekar , Chandu Parkhi , and	The cast includes Ashok Saraf , Vikram Gokhale , Savita Prabhune , Ashwini Bhave , Nilu Phule , Sulabha Deshpandey , Raja Mayekar , chandu parkhi ,	The occupation includes Ashwini Bhave , Nilu Phule , Sulabha Deshpandey , Savita Prabhune , Ashok Saraf , Vikram Gokhale , Thomas Mayekar , Chandu Parkhi , and
1976	Daniel Pollack announced in February 2016 that Argentina reached an agreement with Paul Singer .	Daniel Pollack announced in February 2016 that Argentina had reached an agreement with Paul Singer .	Daniel Pollack announced in February 2016 that Argentina reached an agreement with Aiden Singer .
1984	The Hunters is a 2011 French crime horror thriller film directed by Chris Briant . The film was produced by Antoine Huet ,	The Hunters film is a French crime - horror - thriller - film from 2011 by Chris Briant , produced by Antoine Huet ,	The Hunters is a 2011 French crime horror thriller film directed by Chris Briant . The film was produced by Elijah Huet ,
1985	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title .	Nicholas Monroe and Simon Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol at 6 : 4 , 6 : 4 in the final to win the title .	Nicholas Monroe and David Stadler defeated Mateusz Kowalczyk and Lukáš Rosol 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 in the final to win the title .
1995	Carrie played the entertainment manager and Willie Garson 's gay friend Stanford Blatch .	Carrie played entertainment manager and Willie Garson 's gay friend Stanford Blatch .	Chelsea played the entertainment manager and Willie Garson 's gay friend Stanford Blatch .
2015	It was Seymour and Lowell Worley of the local office of Colombia who persuaded Kessler to have a Ray test record .	It was Seymour and Lowell Worley of the local office of Columbia who persuaded Kessler to have a test record made of Ray .	It was Seymour and Dylan Worley of the local office of Colombia who persuaded Kessler to have a Ray test record .
2021	The album was recorded in Brian Elliot Studios in North Hollywood , California , with the engineer David Hines and co-producer Jay Lansford .	The album was recorded at Brian Elliot studios in North Hollywood , California , with engineer David Hines and co-producer Jay Lansford .	The album was recorded in Brian Elliot Studios in North Hollywood , California , with the engineer David Hines and co-producer Jacob Lansford .
2024	María Rosario Santos y Navarro was born the second of six children of Winifredo Santos , a physician , and Nora Navarro .	María Rosario Santos y Navarro was born as the second of six children of Winifredo Santos , a doctor , and Nora Navarro .	María Christine Santos y Navarro was born the second of six children of Winifredo Santos , a physician , and Nora Navarro .
2056	Howes married three times in his life : to Lillian Pechin in 1923 , Catherine Tabor in 1932 , and Mary Donovan Howard in 1937 .	Howes married three times in his life : in 1923 with Lillian Pechin , in 1932 with Catherine Tabor and in 1937 with Mary Donovan Howard .	Howes married three times in his life : to Lillian Pechin in 1923 , Brittany Tabor in 1932 , and Mary Donovan Howard in 1937 .
2060	John Hale is played by Xander Berkeley ( as Magistrate Hale ) in the 2014 TV series " Salem " .	John Hale was played by Xander Berkeley ( as magistrate hale ) in the 2014 TV series " Salem " .	John Hale is played by Luis Berkeley ( as Magistrate Hale ) in the 2014 TV series " Salem " .
2061	A tribute to Jamie Parker and Claire Martin , the American actor Seth MacFarlane was the singer , Frank Sinatra .	A tribute to Jamie Parker and Claire Martin . American actor Seth MacFarlane was the lead singer , with Frank Sinatra .	A tribute to Jamie Parker and Claire Martin , the American actor Seth MacFarlane was the singer , Kyle Sinatra .
2087	Chabrian Jattan is a village in the Mirpur Tehsil of Azad Kashmir of Mirpur District , Pakistan .	Chabrian Jattan is a village in Mirpur Tehsil by Azad Kashmir in the Mirpur district of Pakistan .	Chabrian Jattan is a village in the Mirpur Tehsil of Azad Laura of Mirpur District , Pakistan .
2108	In addition to strictly modern scientific work , de Broglie thought and wrote about the philosophy of science , including the value of scientific discoveries .	In addition to the strictly modern scientific work , de Broglie thought and wrote about the philosophy of science , including the value of the scientific discoveries .	In addition to strictly modern scientific work , Richard Broglie thought and wrote about the philosophy of science , including the value of scientific discoveries .
2117	In Europe he appeared in Le Lido in Paris and sang with Betty Grable in the London West End Musical " Belle Starr " .	In Europe , he appeared at Le Lido in Paris and sang with Betty Grable in the London West End musical " Belle Starr " .	In Europe he appeared in Le Lido in Paris and sang with Betty Grable in the London West End Musical " Lindsey Starr " .
2118	David Tatuashvili , another Georgian partisan of Soviet origin , described the funeral as follows :	Another Georgian Partisan of Soviet origin , David Tatuashvili , described the funeral as follows :	Bryan Tatuashvili , another Georgian partisan of Soviet origin , described the funeral as follows :
2120	The last album was recorded with bassist Nina Souto and drummer Arturo Garcia .	" Sketch " was the last album recorded with bassist Nina Souto and drummer Arturo Garcia .	The last album was recorded with bassist Katie Souto and drummer Arturo Garcia .
2130	Jacky Jasper and Marc Live joined forces with Kool Keith to release two albums as KHM .	Jacky Jasper and Marc Live joined with Kool Keith to release two albums as KHM .	Jacky Isaac and Marc Live joined forces with Kool Keith to release two albums as KHM .
2150	Although Andrew Anthony in " The Observer " was more critical and A.A. Gill of " The Sunday Times " was unimpressed .	Although Andrew Anthony in " The Observer " was more critical and A . A. Gill of " The Sunday Times " was unimpressed .	Although Zachary Anthony in " The Observer " was more critical and A.A. Gill of " The Sunday Times " was unimpressed .
2165	In both cases , he had been selected by Eugenio Scalfari as a critic , first for the daily newspaper and then for the weekly edition .	In both cases he had been chosen as critic by Eugenio Scalfari , first for the daily and then for the weekly edition .	In both cases , he had been selected by Carlos Scalfari as a critic , first for the daily newspaper and then for the weekly edition .
2172	Elizabeth Rebecca Guynn was born in St. Louis , Missouri , the son of a Baptist minister , George L. White Sr. and his wife , White .	Rebecca Guynn was born in St. Louis , Missouri , the son of Baptist priest George L. White Sr. and his wife White .	Elizabeth Ashley Guynn was born in St. Louis , Missouri , the son of a Baptist minister , George L. White Sr. and his wife , White .
2173	After " The Kids " was recorded with the drummer Nick Van Gelder , all " Spcae cowboy " tracks were recorded with Derrick except " The Kids " .	After " The Kids " were recorded with drummer Nick Van Gelder , all " Spcae cowboy " tracks except " The Kids " was re-recorded with Derrick .	After " The Kids " was recorded with the drummer William Van Gelder , all " Spcae cowboy " tracks were recorded with Derrick except " The Kids " .
2176	Deepak Chand Lall who lives in ( New Jersey ) Meena Gupta ( Mumbai ) and Madhuri Jaiswal ( Kolkata )	Deepak Chand Lall lives in ( New Jersey ) Meena Gupta ( Mumbai ) and Madhuri Jaiswal ( Kolkata )	Deepak Chand Lall who lives in ( New Jersey ) Amanda Gupta ( Mumbai ) and Madhuri Jaiswal ( Kolkata )
2181	In 1489 , Juan Ruiz de Medina was confirmed by the King of Spain and selected by Pope Innocent VIII as Bishop of Astorga .	In 1489 Juan Ruiz de Medina was confirmed by the King of Spain and elected by Pope Innocent VIII to bishop of Astorga .	In 1489 , Derek Ruiz de Medina was confirmed by the King of Spain and selected by Pope Innocent VIII as Bishop of Astorga .
2196	One of them , Micheál Martin , said that Fianna Fáil - leader Shane Ross had contacted her the previous day and that she would meet the following week .	One of these , Micheál Martin , said Fianna Fáil leader Shane Ross had contacted them the previous day and that they would meet the following week .	One of them , Micheál Martin , said that Fianna Fáil - leader Travis Ross had contacted her the previous day and that she would meet the following week .
2202	The field also included Olympian ( and in 1932 Olympic champion ) John Anderson of Cornell and future world record player Paul Jessup of Washington in 1928 .	The field also included 1928 Olympian ( and 1932 Olympic champion ) John Anderson of Cornell , and future world record holder Paul Jessup of Washington .	The field also included Olympian ( and in 1932 Olympic champion ) John Luke of Cornell and future world record player Paul Jessup of Washington in 1928 .
2218	The last album was recorded with bassist Arturo Garcia and drummer Nina Souto .	" Sketch " was the last album recorded with bassist Arturo Garcia and drummer Nina Souto .	The last album was recorded with bassist Carlos Garcia and drummer Nina Souto .
2226	Swami Brahmananda ( 1863 -- 1922 ) , whose original name was Rakhal Chandra Ghosh , was son of a zemindar in the Basirhat area .	Swami Brahmananda ( 1863 -- 1922 ) , whose original name was Rakhal Chandra Ghosh , was the son of a cemindary in the Basirhat area .	Swami Brahmananda ( 1863 -- 1922 ) , whose original name was Rakhal Lisa Ghosh , was son of a zemindar in the Basirhat area .
2227	His father has called him Ali , and his nickname was Murtaza .	His father called him Ali and his nickname was Murtaza .	His father has called him Matthew , and his nickname was Murtaza .
2228	He gives his name as Karl Marx , which types a service officer as " Carl Marx " .	He gives his name as Karl Marx , which a duty officer types as " Carl Marx " .	He gives his name as Karl Marx , which types a service officer as " Zachary Marx " .
2234	Alan Dale returned as Tom Morrow , a character who left " NCIS " in the third season 's episode " Kill Ari ( Part I ) " .	Alan Dale returned as Tom Morrow , a character who left " NCIS " in the episode " Kill Ari ( Part I ) " of the third season .	Alan Aiden returned as Tom Morrow , a character who left " NCIS " in the third season 's episode " Kill Ari ( Part I ) " .
2260	Allen recruited McBride for his band , Christian McBride & Inside Straight .	McBride for his band , Christian McBride " Inside Straight recruited .	Justin recruited McBride for his band , Christian McBride & Inside Straight .
2263	Argento ( born September 20 , 1975 in Argento , Aria Maria Vittoria Rossa Argento ) is an Italian actress , singer , model , activist and director .	Asia Argento ( ; born Aria Maria Vittoria Rossa Argento ; 20 September 1975 ) is an Italian actress , singer , model , activist and director .	Argento ( born September 20 , 1975 in Argento , Erica Maria Vittoria Rossa Argento ) is an Italian actress , singer , model , activist and director .
2275	William Debenham , born in Alpheton , Suffolk in 1794 , joined Thomas Clark in a partnership to lead a draper 's store at Wigmore Street 44 in London .	Born in 1794 in Alpheton in Suffolk , William Debenham joined Thomas Clark in a partnership to manage a draper 's store at 44 Wigmore Street in London .	William Debenham , born in Alpheton , Suffolk in 1794 , joined Thomas Caleb in a partnership to lead a draper 's store at Wigmore Street 44 in London .
2279	As a child , Beatrice met Campbell on Edie Martyn ( Jonathan Dakers ) .	As a child Beatrice Campbell met Edie Martyn ( Jonathan Dakers ) .	As a child , Beatrice met Destiny on Edie Martyn ( Jonathan Dakers ) .
2287	Mount Darwin ( alternate : Darwin ) is one of seven districts in the Zimbabwe province of Mashonaland Central .	Mount Darwin ( alternatively : Darwin ) is one of seven districts in the province of Mashonaland Central in Zimbabwe .	Mount Derek ( alternate : Derek ) is one of seven districts in the Zimbabwe province of Mashonaland Central .
2295	Potter married in 1945 . He and his wife Mary ( a weaver ) had two children , Anne ( born 1947 ) and Julian ( born 1952 ) .	He and his wife Mary ( a weaver ) had two children , Anne ( born 1947 ) and Julian ( born in 1952 ) .	Potter married in 1945 . He and his wife Morgan ( a weaver ) had two children , Anne ( born 1947 ) and Julian ( born 1952 ) .
2297	Hard Candy is the fourth studio album by Counting Crows , published in the United States on June 7 , 2002 and the following day in the United Kingdom .	Hard Candy is the fourth studio album by Counting Crows , released in the United States on June 7 , 2002 and the following day in the United Kingdom .	Hard Brittany is the fourth studio album by Counting Crows , published in the United States on June 7 , 2002 and the following day in the United Kingdom .
2316	In Kyle 's body , Parallax captured John Stewart , Guy Gardner , and Hal Jordan and brought them to Qward .	Parallax captured John Stewart , Guy Gardner , and Hal Jordan in Kyle ’ s body and brought them to Qward .	In Kyle 's body , Parallax captured John Stewart , Guy Gardner , and Isaiah Jordan and brought them to Qward .
2320	Matt Fishel also created all the artwork for Phillips 's debut album , " Not Thinking Straight " , which was released in April 2013 on Young Lust Records .	Matt Fishel also created the entire artwork for Phillips ’ apos ; debut album " Not Thinking Straight " , which was released on Young Lust Records in April 2013 .	Steven Fishel also created all the artwork for Phillips 's debut album , " Not Thinking Straight " , which was released in April 2013 on Young Lust Records .
2336	William Middleton ( or William de Middleton ; died 31 August or 1 September 1288 ) was a medieval Bishop of Norwich .	William de Middleton ( or William Middleton , died August 31 or September 1 , 1288 ) was a medieval bishop of Norwich .	Jackson Middleton ( or Jackson de Middleton ; died 31 August or 1 September 1288 ) was a medieval Bishop of Norwich .
2350	But instead of returning to heaven , Annie decided to join Chris in hell forever .	But instead of returning to Heaven , Annie chooses to join Chris forever in Hell .	But instead of returning to heaven , Annie decided to join Mark in hell forever .
2356	When Justice Tyler died in 1813 , John Tyler inherited Greenway at the age of 23 .	When Judge Tyler died in 1813 , John Tyler at the age of 23 inherited Greenway .	When Justice Alexander died in 1813 , John Alexander inherited Greenway at the age of 23 .
2358	It was followed by Jon Morgan ( 2000 -- 2007 ) , Paul Gudgin ( 2007 -- 2008 ) and Kath Mainland ( 2008-2015 ) .	She was followed by Jon Morgan ( 2000 -- 2007 ) , Paul Gudgin ( 2007 -- 2008 ) , and Kath Mainland ( 2008-2015 ) .	It was followed by Jon Kayla ( 2000 -- 2007 ) , Paul Gudgin ( 2007 -- 2008 ) and Kath Mainland ( 2008-2015 ) .
2378	The " Cobblers " fell to 16th in 1991 -- 92 , before they dropped to 20th place in 1992 -- 93 under Phil Chard .	The " Cobblers " dropped to 16th in 1991 -- 92 , before plummeting to 20th place in 1992 -- 93 under Phil Chard .	The " Cobblers " fell to 16th in 1991 -- 92 , before they dropped to 20th place in 1992 -- 93 under Isaiah Chard .
2387	When Robin Hunter retired in 1967 , the administration was reorganized and Stokes became medical director and psychiatrist - Chief .	When Robin Hunter retired in 1967 , the administration was reorganized and Stokes became Medical Director and Psychiatrist-in-Chief .	When Robin Luis retired in 1967 , the administration was reorganized and Stokes became medical director and psychiatrist - Chief .
2401	On 24 July 2013 , John Hodgman appeared on the Maximum Fun Podcast " Judge Brother Ali " as " Expert Witness " .	On July 24 , 2013 , John Hodgman appeared on the Maximum Fun podcast " Judge Brother Ali " as an " Expert Witness " .	On 24 July 2013 , John Hodgman appeared on the Maximum Fun Podcast " Judge Brother Jeremy " as " Expert Witness " .
2408	Cassandra Peterson also appeared in Peaches Christ 's " All About Evil " with Patrick Bristow , Mink Stole and Brown .	Cassandra Peterson also appeared in Peaches Christi " All About Evil " with Patrick Bristow , Mink Stole and Brown .	Cassandra Peterson also appeared in Peaches Christ 's " All About Evil " with Benjamin Bristow , Mink Stole and Brown .
2409	Danielle , Nadine , and Mark have their pictures visible in the school display case .	Mark , Nadine and Danielle have visible their pictures in the school case .	Danielle , Nadine , and Benjamin have their pictures visible in the school display case .
2415	Robert retaliated against the recalcitrant John by sending a troop of soldiers from Brabant to Bangor .	Against the recalcitrant John , Robert presented himself by sending a troop of soldiers from Brabant to Bangor .	Patrick retaliated against the recalcitrant John by sending a troop of soldiers from Brabant to Bangor .
2421	Sir Herbert was re-elected to the new seat of Croydon East and was returned in 1951 .	Sir Herbert was re-elected in the new Croydon East seat and was returned in 1951 .	Sir Brian was re-elected to the new seat of Croydon East and was returned in 1951 .
2428	Sandra Klemenschits and Andreja Klepač won the title , defeating Kristina Barrois and Eleni Daniilidou in the final , 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 4 .	Sandra Klemenschits and Andreja KlepaÄ won the title and defeated Kristina Barrois and Eleni Daniilidou in the final , 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 4 .	Taylor Klemenschits and Andreja Klepač won the title , defeating Kristina Barrois and Eleni Daniilidou in the final , 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 4 .
2441	The song became the first title song of the main characters , Vincent ( Jay Ryan ) and Catherine ( Kristin Kreuk ) .	The song became the first song of the main characters , Catherine ( Kristin Kreuk ) and Vincent ( Jay Ryan ) .	The song became the first title song of the main characters , Vincent ( Jay Ryan ) and Taylor ( Kristin Kreuk ) .
2454	Alfonso Enrique Ponce Martínez ( born December 8 , 1971 in Chiva , Valencia , Spain ) , known as Enrique Ponce , is a famous Spanish bullfighter .	Enrique Ponce ( born December 8 , 1971 in Chiva , Valencia , Spain ) is also known as Alfonso Enrique Ponce Martínez , a famous Spanish bullfighter .	Chad Enrique Ponce Martínez ( born December 8 , 1971 in Chiva , Valencia , Spain ) , known as Enrique Ponce , is a famous Spanish bullfighter .
2479	The Muslim Students Society of Nigeria ( MSSN ) was cofounded in 1954 by Abdurrahaman Sahid , Babs Fafunwa , Tajudeen Aromashodun , Lateef Adegbite in Lagos .	The Muslim Student Society of Nigeria ( MSSN ) was co-founded in 1954 by Abdurrahaman Sahid , Babs Fafunwa , Aromashodun Tajudeen , Lateef Adegbite in Lagos .	The Muslim Students Society of Nigeria ( MSSN ) was cofounded in 1954 by Abdurrahaman Sahid , Babs Fafunwa , Tajudeen Aromashodun , Gabriel Adegbite in Lagos .
2527	Cooper was born in Long Beach , California , and lives his whole life in Los Angeles , California .	Cooper was born in Long Beach , California , and has lived in Los Angeles , California his whole life .	Jeremy was born in Long Beach , California , and lives his whole life in Los Angeles , California .
2543	Produced by Oscar Hammerstein II , the show by Reginald Hammerstein was choreographed ( the brother of Arthur Hammerstein ) and was led by Danny Dare .	Produced by Oscar Hammerstein II the show was choreographed by Reginald Hammerstein ( the brother of Arthur Hammerstein ) and was directed by Danny Dare .	Produced by Oscar Hammerstein II , the show by Reginald Hammerstein was choreographed ( the brother of Arthur Hammerstein ) and was led by Matthew Dare .
2546	Armand Alexander de Castagny was a Lieutenant in the French siege of Antwerp in 1832 , and later he served in Algiers .	As a lieutenant , Armand Alexander de Castagny was at the French siege of Antwerp in 1832 . He later served in Algiers .	Armand Alexander Nathan Castagny was a Lieutenant in the French siege of Antwerp in 1832 , and later he served in Algiers .
2547	Gabriel annihilated Weiss and his troops and attacked them on 14 October .	Gabriel destroyed Weiss and his troops and attacked them on 14 October .	Aaron annihilated Weiss and his troops and attacked them on 14 October .
2553	Therefore , on 25 February 1232 , Archbishop Robert of Esztergom placed the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict and excommunicated some high dignitaries of the king .	Archbishop Robert von Esztergom therefore placed the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict on 25 February 1232 and excommunicated some of the king 's high dignitaries .	Therefore , on 25 February 1232 , Archbishop Jack of Esztergom placed the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict and excommunicated some high dignitaries of the king .
2582	The trustees were Mr. Sophie McRoberts , James McRoberts and Glenn Allen , the Sunday School Superintendent was Mrs. Robert Erwin .	The trustees were Mr. Sophie McRoberts , Mr. James McRoberts , and Mr. Glenn Allen ; the Sunday School Superintendent was Mrs. Robert Erwin .	The trustees were Mr. Alexis McRoberts , James McRoberts and Glenn Allen , the Sunday School Superintendent was Mrs. Robert Erwin .
2598	In the 1983 American television biopic " Dempsey " , Estelle Taylor was portrayed by British actress Victoria Tennant .	In the American television biopia " Dempsey " , 1983 , Estelle Taylor was portrayed by the British actress Victoria Tennant .	In the 1983 American television biopic " Dempsey " , Cynthia Taylor was portrayed by British actress Victoria Tennant .
2602	In 1948 Massey Harris produced the first Italian self-propelled combine harvester , the 1500 , preceded only by Bubba in 1941 .	In 1948 , Massey Harris produced the first Italian self-driving combine harvester , the 1500 , which was only preceded by Bubba in 1941 .	In 1948 Massey Donald produced the first Italian self-propelled combine harvester , the 1500 , preceded only by Bubba in 1941 .
2613	Chanchala is a 1974 Indian Malayalam film , directed by SSabu and produced by Hassan Rasheed .	Chanchala is a 1974 Indian Malayalam film staged by SSabu and produced by Hassan Rasheed .	Chanchala is a 1974 Indian Malayalam film , directed by SSabu and produced by Caleb Rasheed .
2640	Holly begins to suffer from a heart attack and is unable to venture into the concert with Hodges and Jerome , but urges them to press on .	Holly begins to suffer a heart attack and is unable to venture into the concert with Hodges and Jerome , but urges them to continue .	Holly begins to suffer from a heart attack and is unable to venture into the concert with Hodges and Christian , but urges them to press on .
2652	Lily used her own experiences with Macca to convince Cassie to leave Kyle .	Lily uses her own experiences with Macca to convince Cassie to leave Kyle .	Lily used her own experiences with Macca to convince Grace to leave Kyle .
2656	April 9 : RHP Ben Rowen and C Brian Ward traded to Los Angeles Dodgers for RHP Ryan Webb and C Chris O'Brien .	April 9 : RHP Ben Rowen and C Brian Ward traded to Los Angeles Dodgers for RHP Ryan Webb and C Chris O 'Brien .	April 9 : RHP Ben Rowen and C Brian Ward traded to Los Angeles Dodgers for RHP Ryan Webb and C Jacob O'Brien .
2663	George Blakely died , and St. Salvador and Robinson took over the command .	George Blakely died , and St. Salvador and Robinson took over command .	Sean Blakely died , and St. Salvador and Robinson took over the command .
2664	The legacy of the Aldenata , also known as the Posleen War Series , is the fictitious universe of one of the military science - fiction - series by John Ringo .	The Legacy of the Aldenata , also known as the Posleen War Series , is the fictional universe of one of John Ringo 's military science fiction series .	The legacy of the Aldenata , also known as the Posleen War Series , is the fictitious universe of one of the military science - fiction - series by Jesus Ringo .
2670	Joe Root also of Yorkshire and currently England 's rising cricket star , now captain of England , was born and raised in Dore .	Born and raised in Dore , Joe Joe Root was also born from Yorkshire and currently England 's rising cricket star , now Captain of England .	George Root also of Yorkshire and currently England 's rising cricket star , now captain of England , was born and raised in Dore .
2672	In 1862 , Jane died and in 1864 Breck married Sarah Stiles , and three years later he moved to Benicia , California , to build two more institutions .	Jane Breck died in 1862 and Breck married Sarah Stiles in 1864 . Three years later he moved to Benicia , California to build another two institutions .	In 1862 , Jane died and in 1864 Connor married Sarah Stiles , and three years later he moved to Benicia , California , to build two more institutions .
2682	In 1962 , further restoration was carried out for William Cardinal Godfrey , who had appointed the poet and mystic John Bradburne as caretaker .	Further restoration was carried out in 1962 for William Cardinal Godfrey who had earlier appointed the poet and mystic John Bradburne to be caretaker .	In 1962 , further restoration was carried out for William Cardinal Dylan , who had appointed the poet and mystic John Bradburne as caretaker .
2687	Mariano and Zappi were rescued the next day ; the body of Finn Malmgren was not found .	The next day Mariano and Zappi were saved , the body of Finn Malmgren was not found .	Mariano and Zappi were rescued the next day ; the body of Ian Malmgren was not found .
2699	She is the first female Prime Minister of Mali , and the second Prime Minister of President Amadou Toumani Touré 's second and final term .	She is the first female Prime Minister of Mali and the second and final term of President Amadou Toumani Touré .	She is the first female Prime Minister of Mali , and the second Prime Minister of President Jackson Toumani Touré 's second and final term .
2702	In the TV series " Muhteşem Yüzyıl " , Deniz Çakır is played by Turkish actress Şah Sultan .	In the television series " Muhteşem Yüzyıl " , Deniz Çakır is played by Turkish actress Şah Sultan .	In the TV series " Muhteşem Yüzyıl " , Jose Çakır is played by Turkish actress Şah Sultan .
2715	Williams , ( 1892-1962 ) , was the first president of Yr Academi Gymreig ( Welsh Academy ) .	Williams , the first president of the Welsh Academy , was Yr Academi Gymreig .	Adam , ( 1892-1962 ) , was the first president of Yr Academi Gymreig ( Welsh Academy ) .
2718	The company is one of the oldest still active Brazilian companies , founded in 1880 by the German brothers Bruno and Hermann Hering .	The company is one of the oldest Brazilian companies still in activity , founded by German brothers Bruno and Hermann Hering , in 1880 .	The company is one of the oldest still active Brazilian companies , founded in 1880 by the German brothers Scott and Hermann Hering .
2749	Julio Peralta and Horacio Zeballos won the title , defeating Sergio Galdós and Luis David Martínez 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 2 in the final .	Julio Peralta and Horacio Zeballos won the title and defeated Sergio Galdós and Luis David Martínez 6 -- 2 , 6 - 2 in the final .	Julio Peralta and Horacio Zeballos won the title , defeating Cameron Galdós and Luis David Martínez 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 2 in the final .
2754	Spartanburg is included in the Metropolitan Statistical Area Greenville , which is also included in the Union County -- Spartanburg , SC -- Anderson , SC Combined Statistical Service .	Spartanburg is included in the Greenville Metropolitan Statistical Area , which is also included in the Union County -- Spartanburg , SC -- Anderson , SC Combined Statistical Area .	Spartanburg is included in the Metropolitan Statistical Area Greenville , which is also included in the Union County -- Spartanburg , SC -- Lucas , SC Combined Statistical Service .
2758	During the short 5 year life of Nervous Fellas , many personnel changes took place , and Chris Colt left in late 1987 to be replaced by Mark Twang .	Many personnel changes happened during the Nervous Fellas ' short 5 year life . Chris Colt left in late 1987 to be replaced by Mark Twang .	During the short 5 year life of Nervous Fellas , many personnel changes took place , and Chris Colt left in late 1987 to be replaced by Logan Twang .
2774	Johnny Triumph often collaborates with the singer Björk and has performed with The Sugarcubes as Sjón .	Johnny Triumph frequently collaborates with the singer Björk and has performed with The Sugarcubes as Sjón .	Cody Triumph often collaborates with the singer Björk and has performed with The Sugarcubes as Sjón .
2789	Carl Gould ( Dwayne Hill 2009 -- 2010 , Dylan Hoerner 2010 -- present ) is a cream rabbit with brown hair and blue glasses .	Carl Gould ( Dwayne Hill 2009 -- 2010 , Dylan Hoerner 2010 -- today ) is a cream-coloured rabbit with brown hair and blue glasses .	Carl Gould ( Ryan Hill 2009 -- 2010 , Dylan Hoerner 2010 -- present ) is a cream rabbit with brown hair and blue glasses .
2802	He married Lady Florence Jane Taylour , daughter of Thomas Taylour , 3rd Marquess of Headfort and Amelia Thompson , on August 5 , 1875 .	He married Lady Florence Jane Taylour , daughter of Thomas Taylour , 3rd Marquess of Headfort and Amelia Thompson , on 5 August 1875 .	He married Lady Florence Chloe Taylour , daughter of Thomas Taylour , 3rd Marquess of Headfort and Amelia Thompson , on August 5 , 1875 .
2813	Debbie Posner is the " Hebrew and Jewish Studies Teacher and Program " , and Debbi Benn is the " Coordinator of Primary School Hebrew and Jewish Studies " .	Debbie Posner is the " teacher and the program for Hebrew and Jewish studies " , and Debbi Benn is the " coordinator of elementary school for Hebrew and Jewish studies " .	Emma Posner is the " Hebrew and Jewish Studies Teacher and Program " , and Debbi Benn is the " Coordinator of Primary School Hebrew and Jewish Studies " .
2819	Ella Hval ( born Ella Signe Quist Kristoffersen ) ( 7 January 1904 , Kristiania -- December 17 , 1994 , Stavanger ) was a Norwegian actress .	Ella Hval ( born Ella Signe Quist Kristoffersen ) ( 7 January 1904 , Kristiania -- 17 December 1994 , Stavanger ) was a Norwegian actress .	Ella Hval ( born Ella Brittany Quist Kristoffersen ) ( 7 January 1904 , Kristiania -- December 17 , 1994 , Stavanger ) was a Norwegian actress .
2822	Miller was raised for some time in the mountains of Santa Barbara , California , before settling in Tijuana , Mexico .	Miller was raised in the outskirt mountains of Santa Barbara , California for some time , before settling down in Tijuana , Mexico .	Jesse was raised for some time in the mountains of Santa Barbara , California , before settling in Tijuana , Mexico .
2823	Sara Varga Madeleine Jonsson ( born 14 April 1982 ) , known professionally as Sara Varga , is a Swedish vispop singer , songwriter , author , and DJ .	Sara Varga Madeleine Jonsson ( born April 14 , 1982 ) , known professionally as Sara Varga , is a Swedish Vispop singer , songwriter , author and DJ .	Sara Varga Kelly Jonsson ( born 14 April 1982 ) , known professionally as Sara Varga , is a Swedish vispop singer , songwriter , author , and DJ .
2836	Nodler returned to Houston to found The Catastrophic Theatre with Tamarie Cooper later in that year .	Later this year , Nodler returned to Houston to found the Catastrophic Theatre with Tamarie Cooper .	Nodler returned to Houston to found The Catastrophic Theatre with Tamarie Samuel later in that year .
2839	It is located on the historic Natchez Trace , at mile marker 180.7 on the modern Natchez Trace Parkway in Mississippi , USA .	It is located on the historic Natchez Trace , at Mile 180.7 at the modern Natchez Trace Parkway in Mississippi , USA .	It is located on the historic Natchez Brandon , at mile marker 180.7 on the modern Natchez Brandon Parkway in Mississippi , USA .
2850	St. George 's Homes in Kodaikanal constructed later had the same purpose as that of Kalimpong homes , but influenced and modeled by Graham 's work in Kalimpong .	Later , St. George 's Homes in Kodaikanal had the same purpose as the Kalimpong Homes , but were influenced and modeled by Graham 's work in Kalimpong .	St. George 's Homes in Kodaikanal constructed later had the same purpose as that of Kalimpong homes , but influenced and modeled by Nicholas 's work in Kalimpong .
2858	William Middleton ( or William de Middleton ; died 31 August or 1 September 1288 ) was a medieval Bishop of Norwich .	William Middleton ( or William Middleton , died on 31 August or 1 September 1288 ) was a medieval bishop of Norwich .	Evan Middleton ( or Evan de Middleton ; died 31 August or 1 September 1288 ) was a medieval Bishop of Norwich .
2865	The manuscript was bought in 1819 , by Edward Everett from America to Constantinople , along with six other manuscripts ( Lectionary 296 , Lectionary 297 , Lectionary 298 ) .	The manuscript was bought by Edward Everett from America to Constantinople in 1819 , together with six other manuscripts ( Lectionary 296 , Lectionary 297 , Lectionary 298 ) .	The manuscript was bought in 1819 , by Edward Jeffrey from America to Constantinople , along with six other manuscripts ( Lectionary 296 , Lectionary 297 , Lectionary 298 ) .
2878	Born on November 1 , 1986 , Ashley is a contemporary dancer from Arizona , who was originally raised in Los Angeles .	Ashley was born on November 1 , 1986 and is a contemporary dancer from Arizona , who originally grew up in Los Angeles .	Born on November 1 , 1986 , Nicole is a contemporary dancer from Arizona , who was originally raised in Los Angeles .
2887	Alfonso Enrique Ponce Martínez ( born December 8 , 1971 in Chiva , Valencia , Spain ) , also known as Enrique Ponce , is a famous Spanish bullfighter .	Alfonso Enrique Ponce Martínez ( born December 8 , 1971 in Chiva , Valencia , Spain ) is also known as Enrique Ponce , a famous Spanish bullfighter .	Alfonso Henry Ponce Martínez ( born December 8 , 1971 in Chiva , Valencia , Spain ) , also known as Henry Ponce , is a famous Spanish bullfighter .
2890	John M. Work was born January 3 , 1869 , in rural Iowa in Southeastern Washington County , the son of John H. Work , a farmer .	John M. Work was born on 3 January 1869 in rural Iowa in southeastern Washington County , son of John H. Work , a farmer .	Aiden M. Work was born January 3 , 1869 , in rural Iowa in Southeastern Washington County , the son of Aiden H. Work , a farmer .
2907	One of them , Shane Ross , said that Fianna Fáil - leader Micheál Martin had contacted her the previous day and that she would meet the following week .	One of these , Shane Ross , said Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin had contacted them the previous day and that they would meet the following week .	One of them , Shane Ross , said that Fianna Fáil - leader Micheál Nicholas had contacted her the previous day and that she would meet the following week .
2909	Andrew Reid , then handed over to Dr. Knapman , Coroner for Inner North London , as the Incident Coroner .	Then Andrew Reid was handed over to Dr. Knapman , Coroner for Inner North London , as an incident coroner .	Kyle Reid , then handed over to Dr. Knapman , Coroner for Inner North London , as the Incident Coroner .
2911	The hospital had been built in 1852 for 200 patients ... Arthur ( Spencer ) and I were the only consultants , and two assistant doctors completed the staff .	The hospital was built in 1852 for 200 patients ... , Spencer ( Arthur ) and I were the only consultants , and two assistant doctors completed the staff .	The hospital had been built in 1852 for 200 patients ... Dylan ( Spencer ) and I were the only consultants , and two assistant doctors completed the staff .
2916	HomeAdvisor currently employs a Chief Economist , Dan DiClerico and Smart Home Strategist and Home Expert , Brad Hunter .	Currently HomeAdvisor employs a Chief Economist , Dan DiClerico , and a Smart Home Strategist and Home Expert , Brad Hunter .	HomeAdvisor currently employs a Chief Economist , Dan DiClerico and Smart Home Strategist and Home Expert , Brad Jesus .
2920	Phon Sai is a district ( " amphoe " ) in the northeastern part of Roi Et Province , Southeastern Thailand .	Phon Sai is a district ( " Amphoe " ) in the northeastern part of the province of Roi Et in southeastern Thailand .	Phon Ian is a district ( " amphoe " ) in the northeastern part of Roi Et Province , Southeastern Thailand .
2933	The music video for " Desire " was edited by Claudia Wass and staged by Andy Morahan .	The music video for " Desire " was directed by Andy Morahan and edited by Claudia Wass .	The music video for " Desire " was edited by Erin Wass and staged by Andy Morahan .
2942	She is portrayed by Katherine McNamara in the film of the book and Lily Collins in the television series .	She is portrayed by Katherine McNamara in the film adaptation of the book and Lily Collins in the television series .	She is portrayed by Jasmine McNamara in the film of the book and Lily Collins in the television series .
2943	Fritz Fritz Heider wrote that people tend to regard behavior in one of two ways : the cause of situational factors or dispositional factors .	Fritz Heider wrote that people tend to view behavior in one of two ways ; the cause of dispositional factors or of situational factors .	Jason Jason Heider wrote that people tend to regard behavior in one of two ways : the cause of situational factors or dispositional factors .
2944	Abel Aganbegyan ( born 1972 , Novosibirsk ) is a Russian economist , the president of Micex , son of the famous Soviet economist Ruben Aganbegyan .	Abel Aganbegyan ( ; b . 1972 , Novosibirsk ) is a Russian economist , the President of Micex . Son of the famous Soviet economist Ruben Aganbegyan .	Abel Aganbegyan ( born 1972 , Novosibirsk ) is a Russian economist , the president of Micex , son of the famous Soviet economist Julian Aganbegyan .
2951	Twenty dated Jacobite metropolitans of Melitene between the ninth and the twelfth centuries are mentioned in the lists of Michael the Syrian .	Twenty dated Jacobite metropolitans of Melitene between the twelfth and ninth centuries are mentioned in the lists of Michael the Syrian .	Twenty dated Jacobite metropolitans of Melitene between the ninth and the twelfth centuries are mentioned in the lists of Sean the Syrian .
2954	After working for the investigation for four years , Starr resigned to protest against Dash 's appearance before the United States House Committee on the Judiciary .	After working for the investigation for four years , Starr resigned to protest Dash 's appearance before the United States House Committee on the Judiciary .	After working for the investigation for four years , Mia resigned to protest against Dash 's appearance before the United States House Committee on the Judiciary .
2958	After writing for Ace Publications , Pablo moved to Gold Star Publications by Rudy Ner Siongco , where he also wrote several comic stories and serialized novels in 1962 .	After writing for Ace Publications , Pablo moved to Rudy Ner Siongco 's Gold Star Publications where he also wrote several komiks stories and serialized novels in 1962 .	After writing for Ace Publications , Pablo moved to Gold Star Publications by Jeffrey Ner Siongco , where he also wrote several comic stories and serialized novels in 1962 .
2968	Beaten Guillermo Vilas defeated Björn Borg , 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 1 , 6 - 3 .	Guillermo Vilas defeated Björn Borg , 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 3 .	Beaten Richard Vilas defeated Björn Borg , 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 1 , 6 - 3 .
2983	The Arena has hosted concerts by many famous artists , including Whitney Houston , André Rieu , TOTO , Trance Energy and Tina Turner .	The Arena has hosted concerts by many famous artists , including Whitney Houston , Tina Turner , TOTO , Trance Energy and André Rieu .	The Arena has hosted concerts by many famous artists , including Whitney Matthew , André Rieu , TOTO , Trance Energy and Tina Turner .
2984	It was expanded from Laura to Wilmington in 1910 and finally to the Booleroo Centre in 1915 .	It was extended from Laura in 1910 to Wilmington , and finally to Booleroo Centre in 1915 .	It was expanded from Lisa to Wilmington in 1910 and finally to the Booleroo Centre in 1915 .
2986	Freeman played for the Eastern Suburbs club in the 1919 season . Wally is the great-grandfather of former coach Phil Gould .	In the 1919 season , he played for the club of the eastern suburbs , Wally is the great-grandfather of former coach Phil Gould .	Freeman played for the Eastern Suburbs club in the 1919 season . Thomas is the great-grandfather of former coach Phil Gould .
2995	Henry Beaumont , his niece and heir , married Alice Comyn , a French nobleman in the English service .	His niece and heir , Henry Henry Beaumont , married Alice Comyn , a French aristocrat in the English service .	Luke Beaumont , his niece and heir , married Alice Comyn , a French nobleman in the English service .
3008	According to Oliver Cowdery , the Aaronic priesthood was restored to him and Smith on May 15 , 1829 , somewhere in the woods near the home .	According to Oliver Cowdery , the Aaronic Priesthood was restored on 15 May 1829 for him and Smith , somewhere in the woods near the house .	According to Anthony Cowdery , the Aaronic priesthood was restored to him and Smith on May 15 , 1829 , somewhere in the woods near the home .
3014	The band consisted of Anders Hector , Claes Bure , Peter Björk , Peter Forbes , Roger Capello and Chino Mariano .	The band comprised Peter Forbes , Roger Capello , Claes Bure , Peter Björk , Anders Hector and Chino Mariano .	The band consisted of Anders Hector , Claes Bure , Peter Björk , Peter Forbes , Roger Capello and Chino Jeremy .
3015	" Thanks to the Facebook generation , anyone by simply mounting a Selfie can become a Harvey Weinstone or a Kevin Spacey " , he added .	" Thanks to the Facebook generation , anyone by simply attaching a Selfie , everyone can become Kevin Spacey or a Harvey Winestone " , he added .	" Thanks to the Facebook generation , anyone by simply mounting a Selfie can become a Harvey Weinstone or a Jack Spacey " , he added .
3017	Kavminvodyavia ( KMV Avia ) was an airline based in Mineralnye Vody in the Caucasus , Russia .	Kavminvodyavia ( KMV Avia ) was an airline in Mineralnye Vody in the Caucasus , Russia .	Kavminvodyavia ( KMV Ava ) was an airline based in Mineralnye Vody in the Caucasus , Russia .
3020	Cerljen was also the international delegate from Sweden at the first final since 2006 , when Josephine Alhanko placed in the Top 20 .	At the first final since 2006 , Cerljen was also an international delegate from Sweden when Josephine Alhanko placed himself in the Top 20 .	Cerljen was also the international delegate from Sweden at the first final since 2006 , when Tiffany Alhanko placed in the Top 20 .
3021	Martin ( Sebastián ) is a 16-year-old young student who is attracted to his coach , Javier De Pietro .	Martin ( Sebastián ) is a 16-year-old young student who is attracted by his coach Javier De Pietro .	Martin ( Sebastián ) is a 16-year-old young student who is attracted to his coach , Isaiah De Pietro .
3026	D. M. Thomas , known as Donald Michael Thomas ( born 27 January 1935 ) , is a British novelist , poet , playwright and translator .	Donald Michael Thomas , known as D. M. Thomas ( born January 27 , 1935 ) , is a British writer , poet , playwright , and translator .	D. M. Thomas , known as Donald Isaac Thomas ( born 27 January 1935 ) , is a British novelist , poet , playwright and translator .
3027	Harry Steger worked as a journalist both in England and in America .	Harry Harry Steger worked as a journalist in both America and England .	Noah Steger worked as a journalist both in England and in America .
3032	The title and lyrics refer to the renaissance portrait " Mona Lisa " painted by Leonardo da Vinci .	The title and text refer to the portrait of Renaissance painted by Leonardo da Vinci " Mona Lisa " .	The title and lyrics refer to the renaissance portrait " Mona Lisa " painted by Austin da Vinci .
3038	On October 31 , 1846 , Duke of Roxburgh " again sailed from Port Phillip and reached Gravesend on March 7 , 1847 .	" Duke of Roxburgh " sailed again from Port Phillip on 31 October 1846 and arrived at Gravesend on 7 March 1847 .	On October 31 , 1846 , Isaac of Roxburgh " again sailed from Port Phillip and reached Gravesend on March 7 , 1847 .
3047	It features a legendary 1814 spin on fresh artists from Johnny Cash , Ring of Fire to UB40 , image on the wall .	It features a legendary 1814 spin on fresh artists from Johnny Cash , Ring of fire to UB40 , Picture on the wall .	It features a legendary 1814 spin on fresh artists from Johnny Caleb , Ring of Fire to UB40 , image on the wall .
3055	The Cooke and Wheatstone Telegraph was an early electric telegraph system dating from the 1830s , invented by English inventor William Fothergill Cooke and English scientist Charles Wheatstone .	The Cooke and Wheatstone telegraph was an early electrical telegraph system dating from the 1830s invented by English inventor William Fothergill Cooke and English scientist Charles Wheatstone .	The Cooke and Wheatstone Telegraph was an early electric telegraph system dating from the 1830s , invented by English inventor Peter Fothergill Cooke and English scientist Charles Wheatstone .
3064	Radu Albot won the title by defeating Jason Kubler 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 1 in the final .	Radu Albot won the title by defeating Jason Kubler in the finals with 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 1 .	Radu Albot won the title by defeating Christian Kubler 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 1 in the final .
3068	Before Pang Tong arrived , Zhang ordered Fei , who knew that Zhang Fei loved wine , that the wine should be diluted with water .	Before Pang Tong arrived , Zhang Fei , who knew that Zhang Fei loved wine , ordered that all wine must be diluted with water .	Before Mia Tong arrived , Zhang ordered Fei , who knew that Zhang Fei loved wine , that the wine should be diluted with water .
3071	Bobby finds himself left alone with Hank when Peggy decides to spend an evening with the other women of the neighborhood .	Bobby finds himself left alone when Peggy decides to spend an evening with the other women of the neighborhood .	Bobby finds himself left alone with Alexander when Peggy decides to spend an evening with the other women of the neighborhood .
3075	In 1968 , Charles Manson learned about the Myers Ranch from Catherine Gillies , the granddaughter of Barbara Myers .	In 1968 , Catherine Gillies , the granddaughter of Barbara Myers , learned of Charles Manson about Myers Ranch .	In 1968 , Julian Manson learned about the Myers Ranch from Catherine Gillies , the granddaughter of Barbara Myers .
3078	The manuscript was bought by Edward Everett of Constantinople to America in 1819 , together with six other manuscripts ( Lectionary 296 , Lectionary 297 , Lectionary 298 ) .	The manuscript was bought in 1819 by Edward Everett from Constantinople to America , along with six other manuscripts ( Lectionary 296 , Lectionary 297 , Lectionary 298 ) .	The manuscript was bought by Luke Everett of Constantinople to America in 1819 , together with six other manuscripts ( Lectionary 296 , Lectionary 297 , Lectionary 298 ) .
3081	The 21st Governor - General of Australia , Ron Boswell , Senator Bill Hayden and the Commonwealth - Parliament of Australia are among the tenants .	Among the tenants are the 21st Governor-General of Australia , Ron Boswell , Senator Bill Hayden and the Commonwealth Parliament of Australia .	The 21st Governor - General of Australia , George Boswell , Senator Bill Hayden and the Commonwealth - Parliament of Australia are among the tenants .
3087	That was composed by Tears for Fears and arainged by Gary Jules and featured the vocals of Michael Andrews .	This was composed by Tears for Fears and by Gary Jules arainged and the vocals of Michael Andrews .	That was composed by Tears for Fears and arainged by Caleb Jules and featured the vocals of Michael Andrews .
3110	Alice Josephine McLellan was born in Marietta , Georgia , as the daughter of Leander and Harriet Tatem McLellan .	Alice Josephine McLellan was born in Marietta , Georgia , the daughter of Leander and Harriet Tatem McLellan .	Alice Amy McLellan was born in Marietta , Georgia , as the daughter of Leander and Harriet Tatem McLellan .
3112	Andrée Island is an island lying in Recess Cove , Charlotte Bay , off the north coast of Eurydice Peninsula , Danco Coast on the Antarctic Peninsula .	Andrée Island is an island in Recess Cove , Charlotte Bay , off the north coast of the Eurydike Peninsula , Danco Coast on the Antarctic Peninsula .	Andrée Island is an island lying in Recess Cove , Charlotte Megan , off the north coast of Eurydice Peninsula , Danco Coast on the Antarctic Peninsula .
3127	Queen Peak is a mountain located at Victoria Peak , north of Gold River and east of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .	Queen Peak is a mountain on Victoria Peak , located north of Gold River and east of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .	Queen Peak is a mountain located at Monica Peak , north of Gold River and east of Vancouver Island , British Columbia , Canada .
3142	After Martha was found , Anna married a man by the name of George I Eisenhauer .	After Martha had been found , Anna married a man by the name of George I Eisenhauer .	After Martha was found , Kristin married a man by the name of George I Eisenhauer .
3146	He was followed by Larry Kearney from 1995 -- 2003 by Jenny McGhee Edwards in 2003 -- 2007 and by Elic Senter from 2007 -- 2015 .	He was followed in office by Larry Kearney from 1995 -- 2003 , Jenny McGhee Edwards from 2003 -- 2007 and Elic Senter from 2007 -- 2015 .	He was followed by Jared Kearney from 1995 -- 2003 by Jenny McGhee Edwards in 2003 -- 2007 and by Elic Senter from 2007 -- 2015 .
3153	Capt Wally Dobchuk , the first officer , Michael McCrae , and maintenance engineer Sebastian Trudel were awarded by the Aviation Week for their heroism .	Capt . Wally Dobchuk , first officer Michael McCrae and maintenance engineer Sebastian Trudel were honoured for their heroism by Aviation Week .	Capt Wally Dobchuk , the first officer , Michael McCrae , and maintenance engineer Andrew Trudel were awarded by the Aviation Week for their heroism .
3163	Ekrem Boyalı is currently living in Konya for his university education with his two brothers , who are practiced by Ali Sarı .	Living currently in Konya for his university education with his two brothers , Ekrem Boyalı is coached by Ali Sarı .	Ekrem Boyalı is currently living in Konya for his university education with his two brothers , who are practiced by Mark Sarı .
3164	" Trevis R. Badeaux as " Agent of Change " , " Acadiana Sunday " , 5 May 2002 honored .	Bowen , " Trevis R. Badeaux honored as ' agent of change ' , " Acadiana Sunday " , May 5 , 2002 .	" Chad R. Badeaux as " Agent of Change " , " Acadiana Sunday " , 5 May 2002 honored .
3168	She appeared in the 1983 horror film " House of the Long Shadows " , which starred Christopher Lee , Vincent Price and Peter Cushing .	She appeared in 1983 in the horror film " House of the Long Shadows " , in which Peter Cushing , Vincent Price and Christopher Lee played .	She appeared in the 1983 horror film " House of the Long Shadows " , which starred Christopher Lee , Jeremy Price and Peter Cushing .
3170	In 1862 , Breck died , and Breck married Sarah Stiles in 1864 , and three years later he moved to Benicia , California , to build two other institutions .	Jane Breck died in 1862 and Breck married Sarah Stiles in 1864 . Three years later he moved to Benicia , California to build another two institutions .	In 1862 , Steven died , and Steven married Sarah Stiles in 1864 , and three years later he moved to Benicia , California , to build two other institutions .
3178	She was the twin sister of Muhammad , father of Abdullah .	She was the twin sister of Muhammad , the father of Abdullah .	She was the twin sister of Muhammad , father of Brian .
3180	She appeared in 1983 in the horror film " House of the Long Shadows " , in which Peter Cushing , Vincent Price and Christopher Lee played .	She appeared in the 1983 horror film " House of the Long Shadows " , which starred Peter Cushing , Vincent Price and Christopher Lee .	She appeared in 1983 in the horror film " House of the Long Shadows " , in which Peter Cushing , Joshua Price and Christopher Lee played .
3183	William died as " William Adams " in Brooklyn , NY on 5 December 1895 .	On December 5 , 1895 , William William died as " William Adams " in Brooklyn , NY .	Derek died as " Derek Adams " in Brooklyn , NY on 5 December 1895 .
3185	Royce Johnson is a recurring character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe 's Netflix shows , where he is portrayed by Brett Mahoney .	Royce Johnson is a recurring figure in the Netflix shows at Marvel Cinematic Universe , where he is portrayed by Brett Mahoney .	Christian Johnson is a recurring character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe 's Netflix shows , where he is portrayed by Brett Mahoney .
3189	In 2012 he began working on the new 52 series " Batwing " with the writer Judd Winick and the artists ChrisCross and Marcus To .	In 2012 , he began work on The New 52 series " Batwing " with writer Judd Winick and artists ChrisCross and Marcus To .	In 2012 he began working on the new 52 series " Batwing " with the writer Antonio Winick and the artists ChrisCross and Marcus To .
3190	From behind bars , Dimitri finds out , Maddie is not Erica 's father and helps Edmund to reunite with his daughter .	From behind bars , Dimitri finds out , Maddie is not Erica 's father and helps Edmund reunite with his daughter .	From behind bars , Dimitri finds out , Kelly is not Erica 's father and helps Edmund to reunite with his daughter .
3192	Thompson was born Dena Holmes in 1960 in Hendon , North London . She worked for a building society .	Thompson was born in 1960 in Hendon , North - London , Dena Holmes and worked for a building society .	Thompson was born Sophia Holmes in 1960 in Hendon , North London . She worked for a building society .
3193	For " Archives to Eighties " Mayall recorded new bass and drums tracks played by Bobby Haynes and Joe Yuele .	Mayall adopted new bass and drums tracks for " Archives to Eighties - tracks played by Bobby Haynes and Joe Yuele .	For " Archives to Eighties " Mayall recorded new bass and drums tracks played by Bobby Haynes and Alex Yuele .
3198	Jonathan Dakers met Edie Martyn ( Beatrice Campbell ) as child .	As a child Jonathan Dakers met Edie Martyn ( Beatrice Campbell ) .	Connor Dakers met Edie Martyn ( Beatrice Campbell ) as child .
3217	From 1973 to 2015 , Marian Schreier was Mayor of Tengen , his successor is Helmut Groß .	From 1973 to 2015 , Marian Schreier was the mayor of Tengen . His successor is Helmut Groß .	From 1973 to 2015 , Savannah Schreier was Mayor of Tengen , his successor is Helmut Groß .
3230	In addition to the strictly scientific work , de Broglie thought and wrote about the philosophy of science , including the value of modern scientific discoveries .	In addition to strictly scientific work , de Broglie thought and wrote about the philosophy of science , including the value of modern scientific discoveries .	In addition to the strictly scientific work , Jonathan Broglie thought and wrote about the philosophy of science , including the value of modern scientific discoveries .
3240	The album was recorded at Brian Elliot studios in North Hollywood , California , with engineer David Hines and co-producer Jay Lansford .	The album was recorded at Brian Elliot Studios in North Hollywood , California , together with engineer David Hines and co-producer Jay Lansford .	The album was recorded at Brian Noah studios in North Hollywood , California , with engineer David Hines and co-producer Jay Lansford .
3253	At the time , Cao Mao was merely a puppet emperor , because the actual power was in the hands of Regent Sima Wang ( Sima Zhaos Cousin ) .	At the time , Cao Mao was merely a puppet emperor as actual power was in the hands of the regent Sima Wang ( Sima Zhao 's cousin ) .	At the time , Cao Mao was merely a puppet emperor , because the actual power was in the hands of Regent Alyssa Wang ( Alyssa Zhaos Cousin ) .
3256	Burton L. " Burt " Collins ( March 27 , 1931 , New York City -- February 23 , 2007 , Philadelphia ) was an American jazz trumpeter .	Burton L. " Burt " Collins ( 27 March 1931 , New York City -- 23 February 2007 , Philadelphia ) was an American jazz trompeter .	Burton L. " Burt " Angela ( March 27 , 1931 , New York City -- February 23 , 2007 , Philadelphia ) was an American jazz trumpeter .
3269	On 14 December 2011 , he was traded with Mark Melancon to the Houston Astros for Reliever Kyle Weiland .	On December 14 , 2011 , he was traded along with Mark Melancon to the Houston Astros for reliever Kyle Weiland .	On 14 December 2011 , he was traded with Jesse Melancon to the Houston Astros for Reliever Kyle Weiland .
3275	Beth writes to an author of several lesbian books she has read , Nina Spicer , in New York City , who writes her back .	Beth writes to an author of several lesbian books she has been reading , Nina Spicer in New York City , who writes her back .	Beth writes to an author of several lesbian books she has read , Hailey Spicer , in New York City , who writes her back .
3276	He married Agnes Theodora Walther , the daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther ) , in 1881 and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vagn Petersson .	In 1881 he married Agnes Theodora Walther , the daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther , and his son is the botanist and outliner of Vagn Petersson .	He married Erica Theodora Walther , the daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther ) , in 1881 and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vagn Petersson .
3278	On July 30 , 2017 , Miley gave up the 3,000th Adrián Beltré career hit .	On July 30 , 2017 , Miley gave up Adrián Beltré 's 3,000th career hit .	On July 30 , 2017 , Kathryn gave up the 3,000th Adrián Beltré career hit .
3291	Maffie considered him " one of the greatest ballad organists " , and Jesse Crawford also composed music , including the theme for " House Party " .	Maffie considered him " one of the greatest ballad organists " . Jesse Crawford also composed music , including the theme for " House Party " .	Maffie considered him " one of the greatest ballad organists " , and Isaac Crawford also composed music , including the theme for " House Party " .
3308	Stephen Harper was defeated by Paul Martin as Prime Minister of Canada on 23 January 2006 .	On January 23 , 2006 , Stephen Harper was defeated by Paul Martin as Prime Minister of Canada .	Stephen Morgan was defeated by Paul Martin as Prime Minister of Canada on 23 January 2006 .
3323	Bill Kerry Melville Defeated Billie Jean King , 6-3 , 7-5	Kerry Melville defeated Billie Jean King , 6 - 3 , 7 - 5	Bill Andrea Melville Defeated Billie Jean King , 6-3 , 7-5
3326	AMBIT is a symbolic programming language that was introduced by Carlos Christensen of Massachusetts Computer Associates in 1964 for historical computation .	AMBIT is a symbolic programming language that was introduced in 1964 by Carlos Christensen of Massachusetts Computer Associates for historical calculations .	AMBIT is a symbolic programming language that was introduced by Thomas Christensen of Massachusetts Computer Associates in 1964 for historical computation .
3332	Thomas Fothergill was an English academic administrator at the University of Oxford .	Thomas Fothergill D.D . was an English academic administrator at the University of Oxford .	Luis Fothergill was an English academic administrator at the University of Oxford .
3334	Maximilian II ( May 22 , 1792 -- April 20 , 1869 ) was a Bavarian Lieutenant General and War Minister under Bernhard Franz von Hess of Bavaria .	Maximilian II ( May 22 , 1792 -- April 20 , 1869 ) was a Bavarian general lieutenant and minister of war under Bernhard Franz von Hess of Bavaria .	Jordan II ( May 22 , 1792 -- April 20 , 1869 ) was a Bavarian Lieutenant General and War Minister under Bernhard Franz von Hess of Bavaria .
3338	It was a finalist for the 2002 Sidewise Award for the best alternative history and the John W. Campbell Memorial Award 2003 .	It was a finalist for the 2002 Sidewise Award for best alternate-form long history , and the 2003 John W. Campbell Memorial Award .	It was a finalist for the 2002 Sidewise Award for the best alternative history and the John W. Jacqueline Memorial Award 2003 .
3354	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguare , Cleveland Browns , and Virginia Destroyers .	Lewis was also a member of the Cleveland Browns , Jacksonville Jaguars , Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions and Virginia Destroyers .	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguare , Cleveland Browns , and Megan Destroyers .
3357	Kensuke Tanabe conducted the game , and it was produced by Akiya Sakamoto and Stephen Mortimer .	Kensuke Tanabe directed the game , and it was produced by Akiya Sakamoto and Stephen Mortimer .	Kensuke Tanabe conducted the game , and it was produced by Akiya Sakamoto and James Mortimer .
3359	Included Bob Flanagan , Sheree Rose , Ron Athey , Vaginal Davis , Daphne Von Rey , Jenny Shimizu , Catherine Opie , Michele Mills .	Bob Flanagan , Sheree Rose , Ron Athey , Vaginal Davis , Daphne von Rey , Jenny Shimizu , Catherine Opie , Michele Mills are included .	Included Bob Flanagan , Sheree Rose , Ron Athey , Vaginal Davis , Alicia Von Rey , Jenny Shimizu , Catherine Opie , Michele Mills .
3390	Emma Watson was Lytton 's double in the film " Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets " .	Emma Watson was Lytton 's doppelgänger in the film " Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets " .	Brooke Watson was Lytton 's double in the film " Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets " .
3394	Guru ( Kay Kay Menon ) and Ganpat ( Dilip Prabhavalkar ) are a car thieves .	Guru ( Kay Kay Menon ) and Ganpat ( Dilip Prabhavalkar ) are small-time car thieves .	Guru ( Katherine Katherine Menon ) and Ganpat ( Dilip Prabhavalkar ) are a car thieves .
3407	Gregory Gregory was born in Sydney and died at the age of 32 in the Darlinghurst region of the same city .	Gregory was born in Sydney ; he died at the age of 32 in the Darlinghurst region of the same city .	Justin Justin was born in Sydney and died at the age of 32 in the Darlinghurst region of the same city .
3410	John Franklin Armstrong was born on November 14 , 1819 in Lincoln County , Tennessee , son of William Armstrong and Mary W. I. Monroe .	John Franklin Armstrong was born in Lincoln County , Tennessee , on November 14 , 1819 , the son of William Armstrong and Mary W. I. Monroe .	John Franklin Armstrong was born on November 14 , 1819 in Lincoln County , Tennessee , son of Christian Armstrong and Mary W. I. Monroe .
3413	Guan Yu agreed with Zhao Yan 's view and broke his plan to attack Cao Ren .	Guan Yu agreed with Zhao Yan 's view and aborted his plan to attack Cao Ren .	Guan Yu agreed with Zhao Connor 's view and broke his plan to attack Cao Ren .
3416	In this episode , Nellie Bertram ( Catherine Tate ) returns to the office to find Andy Bernard ( Ed Helms ) in the manager 's chair .	In this episode , Nellie Bertram ( Catherine Tate ) returns to the office to find Andy Bernard ( Ed Helms ) on the manager 's chair .	In this episode , Nellie Bertram ( Catherine Evan ) returns to the office to find Andy Bernard ( Ed Helms ) in the manager 's chair .
3418	With support from the Rockefeller Foundation and the Carnegie Foundation , Carter contributed .	Carter countered with support from the Carnegie Foundation and the Rockefeller Foundation .	With support from the Rockefeller Foundation and the Carnegie Foundation , Liam contributed .
3426	On 9 . December 1979 , Otto Müller died as a result of a serious lung complaint in the Carl von Basedow clinic in Merseburg .	Otto Müller died on December 9 , 1979 as a result of a serious lung disease at the Carl von Basedow - Clinic in Merseburg .	On 9 . December 1979 , Otto Müller died as a result of a serious lung complaint in the Liam von Basedow clinic in Merseburg .
3428	This version of Robert Hammond is a xenobiologist - professor , an old friend of Hal Jordan and the son of Senator of the United States Hector Hammond .	This version of Robert Hammond is a xenobiology professor , an old friend of Hal Jordan and the son of United States senator Hector Hammond .	This version of Robert Hammond is a xenobiologist - professor , an old friend of Hal Jordan and the son of Senator of the United States Jackson Hammond .
3429	Nicky Romero ( born January 6 , 1989 ) , professionally known as Nick Rotteveel , is a Dutch DJ , record producer , musician and remixer .	Nicky Romero ( born 6 January 1989 ) , professionally known as Nick Rotteveel , is a Dutch DJ , record producer , musician and remixer .	Nicky Romero ( born January 6 , 1989 ) , professionally known as Paul Rotteveel , is a Dutch DJ , record producer , musician and remixer .
3441	He was the father of historian Francis Andrew March and General Peyton C. March who was chief of staff of the United States Army during the First World War .	He was the father of historian Francis Andrew March and General Peyton C. March , the chief of staff of the United States Army during World War I .	He was the father of historian John Andrew March and General Peyton C. March who was chief of staff of the United States Army during the First World War .
3463	Henny Trylesinski , also known as Henny Trayles ( Argentina , 4 June , 1937 ) is a Uruguayan-born German actress and comedian , who lives in Hamburg .	Henny Trylesinski , also known as Henny Trayles ( Argentina , June 4 , 1937 ) , is a Uruguayan - born German actress and comedian who lives in Hamburg .	Ashley Trylesinski , also known as Ashley Trayles ( Argentina , 4 June , 1937 ) is a Uruguayan-born German actress and comedian , who lives in Hamburg .
3466	Eugene Luening ( sometimes Eugen Luening ) ( 1852 -- 1944 ) was a Milwaukee born musician of German descent .	Eugen Luening ( sometimes Eugene Luening ) ( 1852 -- 1944 ) was a musician of German origin born in Milwaukee .	Luis Luening ( sometimes Eugen Luening ) ( 1852 -- 1944 ) was a Milwaukee born musician of German descent .
3467	However , it was purchased by McVities and then bought by Murdoch Allan and Sons .	However , it was bought by McVities and then purchased by Murdoch Allan and Sons .	However , it was purchased by McVities and then bought by Murdoch Gabriel and Sons .
3469	As part of a streamlining campaign , in January 2017 the company reported that it would close three remaining regional kitchens in Atlanta , Landover and Everett .	As part of a tightening campaign , the company reported in January 2017 that it would close three remaining regional cuisines in Everett , Landover and Atlanta .	As part of a streamlining campaign , in January 2017 the company reported that it would close three remaining regional kitchens in Atlanta , Landover and Anthony .
3472	Towradgi is situated on Pioneer Rd , North Dalton Park , in the northern suburbs of Wollongong , New South Wales , Australia .	Towradgi is located on Pioneer Rd , North Dalton Park , in the northern suburbs of Wollongong , New South Wales , Australia .	Towradgi is situated on Pioneer Rd , North Jesse Park , in the northern suburbs of Wollongong , New South Wales , Australia .
3496	The captain is actually murdered by Mr Cutler Beckett , who is working for Mercer .	The captain is actually murdered by Mr. Cutler Beckett who is working for Mercer .	The captain is actually murdered by Mr Cutler Luke , who is working for Mercer .
3502	In Harry Turtledove 's alternate history novel " Southern Victory : " , one of the Freedom Party Guards appears to be Chapman .	In Harry Turtledove 's alternate history novel " Southern Victory : " seems to be one of the Freedom Party Guards Chapman .	In Mark Turtledove 's alternate history novel " Southern Victory : " , one of the Freedom Party Guards appears to be Chapman .
3523	Jolley died in 1908 and the newspaper was bought by Galen Seaman .	In 1908 , Jolley died and the newspaper was bought by Galen Seaman .	Jolley died in 1908 and the newspaper was bought by Alex Seaman .
3532	The manuscript was presented by Nicephorus Glykas , Bishop of Imbro , to Eduard Reuss .	The manuscript was presented to the Bishop of Imbro , Nicephorus Glykas , Eduard Reuss .	The manuscript was presented by Nicephorus Glykas , Bishop of Imbro , to Cameron Reuss .
3543	The main coach of the aviators was Carl Carl Caldwell , and the general manager was Mike McCoy .	Carl Caldwell was the head coach of the Aviators , and Mike McCoy was the General Manager .	The main coach of the aviators was Carl Carl Caldwell , and the general manager was Lucas McCoy .
3555	Carsten Ball and Andre Begemann won the title , defeating Grégoire Burquier and Yannick Mertens 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 4 in the final .	Carsten Ball and Andre Begemann won the title and defeated Grégoire Burquier and Yannick Mertens 6 -- 2 , 6 - 4 in the final .	Carsten Ball and Andre Begemann won the title , defeating Grégoire Burquier and Timothy Mertens 6 -- 2 , 6 -- 4 in the final .
3565	Mark Williams is played by Olaf Petersen in the television series .	In the TV series , Mark Williams is played by Olaf Petersen .	Mark David is played by Olaf Petersen in the television series .
3585	Jack Evans won his second Cruiserweight Title by winning 5-man ladder match against Sugi San , Teddy Hart , Rocky Romero and Tiger .	Jack Evans won his second Cruiserweight track by winning 5-man ladder match against Sugi San , Teddy Hart , Rocky Romero and Tiger .	Jack Evans won his second Cruiserweight Title by winning 5-man ladder match against Sugi San , Luke Hart , Rocky Romero and Tiger .
3586	In 1942 , Breton collaborated with the artist Lam on the publication of Breton 's poem " Fata Morgana " , illustrated by Wifredo Lam .	In 1942 , Breton collaborated with the artist Wifredo Lam on the publication of Breton 's poem " Fata Morgana " , illustrated by Lam .	In 1942 , Breton collaborated with the artist Michael on the publication of Breton 's poem " Fata Morgana " , illustrated by Wifredo Michael .
3610	Donald Tsang of the Civic Party successfully entered the race against the incumbent Alan Leong at the Hong Kong Chief Executive elections in 2007 .	In the Hong Kong Chief Executive election , 2007 , Donald Tsang of the Civic Party successfully entered the race against the incumbent Alan Leong .	Matthew Tsang of the Civic Party successfully entered the race against the incumbent Alan Leong at the Hong Kong Chief Executive elections in 2007 .
3630	Freddy is found guilty of fire at Hotel " Ter Smissen " and the dead of Marianne .	Freddy is found guilty of the fire in hotel " Ter Smissen " and the dead of Marianne .	David is found guilty of fire at Hotel " Ter Smissen " and the dead of Marianne .
3634	Also in Peaches Christ ' ; s " All About Evil " with Cassandra Peterson , Mink Stole and Patrick Bristow appeared Brown Brown .	Brown also appeared in Peaches Christ 's " All About Evil " with Cassandra Peterson , Mink Stole and Patrick Bristow .	Also in Peaches Christ ' ; s " All About Evil " with Samantha Peterson , Mink Stole and Patrick Bristow appeared Brown Brown .
3639	Original members of the NYL include : Hanford , Roosevelt , Merced , Visalia , Madera , Fresno and Edison .	Original members of the NYL are : Fresno , Roosevelt , Merced , Visalia , Madera , Hanford and Edison .	Original members of the NYL include : Hanford , Benjamin , Merced , Visalia , Madera , Fresno and Edison .
3643	There are professional Barbershop Harmony Society and amateur groups who sing exclusively a cappella .	There are professional Barbershop Harmony Society and amateur groups that sing a cappella exclusively .	There are professional Barbershop Diana Society and amateur groups who sing exclusively a cappella .
3652	The church serves the parish of West Blatchington , a residential area in the north of Hove , near the Brighton border .	The church serves the parish of West Blatchington , a residential area in the north of Hove near the border with Brighton .	The church serves the parish of West Blatchington , a residential area in the north of Hove , near the Michael border .
3684	On 25 April 2016 , Jamar Howard was traded for Robinson at the Portland Steel .	On April 25 , 2016 , Jamar Howard was traded to the Portland Steel for Robinson .	On 25 April 2016 , Jamar Howard was traded for Jesse at the Portland Steel .
3689	Commander Adama arrives with Billy Keikeya and Chief Galen Tyrol in Kobol .	Commander Adama arrives on Kobol with Billy Keikeya and Chief Galen Tyrol .	Commander Elizabeth arrives with Billy Keikeya and Chief Galen Tyrol in Kobol .
3694	Inception is a science fiction film from 2010 , written , co-produced and staged by Christopher Nolan and co-produced by Emma Thomas .	Inception is a 2010 science fiction film written , co-produced , and directed by Christopher Nolan , and co-produced by Emma Thomas .	Inception is a science fiction film from 2010 , written , co-produced and staged by Christopher Jared and co-produced by Emma Thomas .
3704	The movie was produced by Sy Weintraub and Harvey Hayutin and directed by Robert Day .	The film was directed by Robert Day and produced by Sy Weintraub and Harvey Hayutin .	The movie was produced by Sy Weintraub and Harvey Hayutin and directed by Ian Day .
3729	This book was written by Arthur Laurents , with music by Leonard Bernstein , text by Stephen Sondheim and choreography by Jerome Robbins .	The book was written by Arthur Laurents , with music by Leonard Bernstein , lyrics by Stephen Sondheim , and choreography by Jerome Robbins .	This book was written by Arthur Laurents , with music by Leonard Bernstein , text by John Sondheim and choreography by Jerome Robbins .
3738	In the first round of the 2012 Presidential election , David Sanakoyev received 42.5 % of the vote to lead Tibilov .	In the first round of the presidential election in 2012 , David Sanakoyev received 42.5 % of the vote to lead Tibilov .	In the first round of the 2012 Presidential election , Joshua Sanakoyev received 42.5 % of the vote to lead Tibilov .
3772	According to the Louis and Clarke Adventures , Salina is considered the Grand Island ( of Nebraska ) of the south .	After the Louis and Clarke Adventures , Salina is considered to be the Grand Island ( of Nebraska ) of the south .	According to the Zachary and Clarke Adventures , Salina is considered the Grand Island ( of Nebraska ) of the south .
3778	He was also a mechanic in Freddie Spencer 's team when Spencer won the 500cc World Championship title in 1985 .	He was also a mechanic on Spencer 's team when Freddie Spencer won the 500cc World title in 1985 .	He was also a mechanic in Freddie Kyle 's team when Kyle won the 500cc World Championship title in 1985 .
3794	He was presented by Robert Loggia in the television film A Woman Called Golda " ( 1982 ) , opposite Ingrid Bergman as Golda Meir .	He was portrayed by Robert Loggia in the 1982 television movie " A Woman Called Golda " , opposite Ingrid Bergman as Golda Meir .	He was presented by Robert Loggia in the television film A Woman Called Chelsea " ( 1982 ) , opposite Ingrid Bergman as Chelsea Meir .
3796	Eight Hornets were also deployed from Williamstown to RAAF Base Pearce in October 2011 to protect the CHOGM meeting in nearby Perth .	In October 2011 , eight hornets were sent from Williamstown to the RAAF Base Pearce to protect the CHOGM meeting in nearby Perth .	Eight Hornets were also deployed from Williamstown to RAAF Base Robert in October 2011 to protect the CHOGM meeting in nearby Perth .
3809	The site was excavated in 1992 and 1993 by David Hally of the University of Georgia and Patrick Garrow of Shorter University in Rome , Georgia .	The terrain was excavated in 1992 and 1993 by David Hally of the University of Georgia and Patrick Garrow of the Shorter University in Rome , Georgia .	The site was excavated in 1992 and 1993 by Ethan Hally of the University of Georgia and Patrick Garrow of Shorter University in Rome , Georgia .
3847	Colin MacDougall is a married to Richardson .	Colin MacDougall is married to Richardson .	Gabriel MacDougall is a married to Richardson .
3856	Rajesh 's best friends are Selva , a good spirited boy , and David , an arrogant sports hero but with a good heart .	The best friends of Rajesh are Selva , a good boy and David , an arrogant sports hero , but with a good heart .	Rajesh 's best friends are Selva , a good spirited boy , and Isaiah , an arrogant sports hero but with a good heart .
3866	In Europe , " Pueraria montana " grows in several places in warm regions of Switzerland and Italy near Lake Maggiore and Lake Lugano .	" Pueraria montana " grows in warm regions of Switzerland and Italy in Europe near Lake Maggiore and Lake Lugano .	In Europe , " Pueraria Hailey " grows in several places in warm regions of Switzerland and Italy near Lake Maggiore and Lake Lugano .
3878	One of the best and most prestigious schools in Aligarh is St Francis inter college , Hathras road .	One of Aligarh 's best and most prestigious schools is St Francis Inter College , Hathras Road .	One of the best and most prestigious schools in Aligarh is St Timothy inter college , Hathras road .
3885	On 28 January 2015 , Watson was brought into the backroom team of John Carver at Newcastle United for the remaining 16 games of the 2014-15 season .	On 28 January 2015 , Watson was brought into John Carver 's backroom team at Newcastle United for the remaining 16 games of the 2014/15 season .	On 28 January 2015 , Watson was brought into the backroom team of John Tyler at Newcastle United for the remaining 16 games of the 2014-15 season .
3904	Tom Patterson ( born February 12 , 1979 ) is an American entrepreneur who , in 2008 , founded Tommy John .	Tom Patterson ( born 12 February 1979 ) is an American entrepreneur , who founded the Tommy John company in 2008 .	Jordan Patterson ( born February 12 , 1979 ) is an American entrepreneur who , in 2008 , founded Tommy John .
3908	In 1987 , Jack wrote his autobiography with Paul Conn , " Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription . "	Jack wrote his autobiography with Paul Conn , " Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription in 1987 .	In 1987 , Jason wrote his autobiography with Paul Conn , " Eckerd : Finding the Right Prescription . "
3912	The returning Carrawell , who played with Sta.Lucia three years ago for the last time , replaces Isaac Fontaine .	The returning Carrawell , who last played with Sta.Lucia three years ago , replaces Isaac Fontaine .	The returning Carrawell , who played with Sta.Tara three years ago for the last time , replaces Isaac Fontaine .
3959	Gwenhafar of Dolobran , son , who married Evan Lloyd lloyd , daughter of Meredith Lloyd of Meivod .	Son Gwenhafar von Dolobran , who married Evan Lloyd lloyd , daughter of Meredith Lloyd of Meivod .	Gwenhafar of Dolobran , son , who married Austin Lloyd lloyd , daughter of Meredith Lloyd of Meivod .
3990	Anya Verkhovskaya ( Anya Verkhovskaya-Cohen ) is a Moscow-born consultant , chief operating officer , film producer and activist ( about 1969 ) .	Anya Verkhovskaya ( Anya Verkhovskaya-Cohen ) is a Moscow-born ( circa 1969 ) consultant , chief operating officer , film producer , and activist .	Rebecca Verkhovskaya ( Rebecca Verkhovskaya-Cohen ) is a Moscow-born consultant , chief operating officer , film producer and activist ( about 1969 ) .
3995	Madison is located in the 11th Congressional District and is part of the 27th State Legislative District of New Jersey .	Madison is located in the 11th Congressional District and is part of New Jersey 's 27th state legislative district .	Mary is located in the 11th Congressional District and is part of the 27th State Legislative District of New Jersey .
4014	Woodworth ( March 16 , 1807 - February 13 , 1873 ) was a U.S. Representative from New York and member of the William W. Woodworth political family .	Woodworth ( March 16 , 1807 - February 13 , 1873 ) was a U.S. representative from New York and member of the political family of William W. Woodworth .	Woodworth ( March 16 , 1807 - February 13 , 1873 ) was a U.S. Representative from New York and member of the Liam W. Woodworth political family .
4023	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire , where he was a pupil of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood .	Berkeley 's childhood was spent in Warwickshire , where he was a pupil of the translator , Philemon Holland of Coventry , and of Henry Ashwood .	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire , where he was a pupil of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Samuel Ashwood .
4024	Keenan played as a 197 cm ruckman and was a good marker of the ball as well as having a solid drop punt .	Keenan played as 197 cm Ruckman and was a good marker of the ball as well as a solid drop - punt .	Lucas played as a 197 cm ruckman and was a good marker of the ball as well as having a solid drop punt .
4027	" Nobody Does It Better " is a song composed by Carole Bayer Sager with texts by Marvin Hamlisch .	" Nobody Does It Better " is a song composed by Carole Bayer Sager with lyrics by Marvin Hamlisch .	" Nobody Does It Better " is a song composed by Carole Bayer Sager with texts by Joseph Hamlisch .
4044	Alessandra De Rossi ( born Alessandra Schiavone ; July 19 , 1984 ) is a Philippine actress and the younger sister of Assunta De Rossi .	Alessandra De Rossi ( born Alessandra Schiavone ; 19 July 1984 ) is a Filipina actress , and the younger sister of actress Assunta De Rossi .	Danielle De Rossi ( born Danielle Schiavone ; July 19 , 1984 ) is a Philippine actress and the younger sister of Assunta De Rossi .
4085	Born as Doris Miles in Glastonbury , Connecticut , she married George J. Disney in 1936 and died in Fredericksburg , Virginia .	She was born Doris Miles in Glastonbury , Connecticut , and married George J. Disney in 1936 . She died in Fredericksburg , Virginia .	Born as Doris Kenneth in Glastonbury , Connecticut , she married George J. Disney in 1936 and died in Fredericksburg , Virginia .
4088	Giulia Grisi was the cousin of the famous soprano singers , the sisters Giuditta and Carlotta Grisi .	Giulia Grisi was the cousin of the famous sopranos singers , the sisters Giuditta and Carlotta Grisi .	Jennifer Grisi was the cousin of the famous soprano singers , the sisters Giuditta and Carlotta Grisi .
4092	Danielle , Nadine and Mark have visible their pictures in the school case .	Mark , Nadine and Danielle have visible their pictures in the school case .	Danielle , Nadine and Jesse have visible their pictures in the school case .
4107	Its members are Kena and Nakia Epps , sisters from Boston , and Karen Johnson , of Chicago .	Its members are Kena and Nakia Epps , sisters from Boston , and Karen Johnson , Chicago .	Its members are Kena and Nakia Epps , sisters from Boston , and Karen Matthew , of Chicago .
4108	The Shadrick won a by-election in Holsworthy with a majority of 66 votes after the death of Liberal Democrat councillor Pam Johns .	Independent Des Shadrick won a by-election in Holsworthy with a majority of 66 votes after the death of Liberal Democrat councillor Pam Johns .	The Caleb won a by-election in Holsworthy with a majority of 66 votes after the death of Liberal Democrat councillor Pam Johns .
4122	He married Anne Blanche Harriet Proctor ( 1870-1935 ) , a daughter and co-founder of Septimus Wilkinson Crookes and Mary Ellen Blanche Crookes in 1901 .	He married in 1901 Anne Blanche Harriet Proctor ( 1870-1935 ) , daughter and coheiress of Septimus Wilkinson Crookes and Mary Ellen Blanche Crookes .	He married Victoria Blanche Harriet Proctor ( 1870-1935 ) , a daughter and co-founder of Septimus Wilkinson Crookes and Mary Ellen Blanche Crookes in 1901 .
4128	In 1854 Cooper left Australia and returned to London where he lived , a confirmed bachelor , until his death at the age of ninety .	Cooper left Australia in 1854 and returned to London , where he , a confirmed bachelor , lived until his death at the age of ninety .	In 1854 Benjamin left Australia and returned to London where he lived , a confirmed bachelor , until his death at the age of ninety .
4133	Walter Lyhert ( or Walter Hart ; died 24 May 1472 ) was a medieval Bishop of Norwich .	Walter Lyhert ( or Walter Hart ; died on 24 May 1472 ) was a medieval bishop of Norwich .	Walter Lyhert ( or Walter Juan ; died 24 May 1472 ) was a medieval Bishop of Norwich .
4144	Other R & amp ; D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Andrew Talcott , Col. Thomas M. Logan , Talcott 's son , and Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott .	Other R & D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Andrew Talcott , Col. Thomas M. Logan , Talcott 's son and Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott .	Other R & amp ; D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Andrew Talcott , Col. Thomas M. Nathaniel , Talcott 's son , and Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott .
4145	Lars Elinderson , born 1949 , is a moderate politician of the Swedish party .	Lars Elinderson , born in 1949 , is a Moderate politician of the Swedish Party .	Mark Elinderson , born 1949 , is a moderate politician of the Swedish party .
4172	September 2 : CF Michael Bourn and CF Drew Stubbs activated , C. Caleb Joseph , LHP Jayson Aquino and RHP Tyler Wilson by AAA Norfolk recalled .	September 2 : CF Michael Bourn and CF Drew Stubbs activated ; C Caleb Joseph , LHP Jayson Aquino , and RHP Tyler Wilson recalled from AAA Norfolk .	September 2 : CF Cameron Bourn and CF Drew Stubbs activated , C. Caleb Joseph , LHP Jayson Aquino and RHP Tyler Wilson by AAA Norfolk recalled .
4190	The first president of Antigone was Mauro Palma ( 1991-1999 ) , who were replaced by Stefano Anastasia ( 1999-2005 ) .	The first president of Antigone was Mauro Palma ( 1991-1999 ) , who have been replaced by Stefano Anastasia ( 1999-2005 ) .	The first president of Antigone was Mauro Palma ( 1991-1999 ) , who were replaced by Ethan Anastasia ( 1999-2005 ) .
4191	Marco Conti is Captain Regent of San Marino together with Glauco Sansovini for the semester from April 1 , 2010 to October 1 , 2010 .	Marco Conti is Captain Regent of San Marino together with Glauco Sansovini for the semester from 1 April 2010 to 1 October 2010 .	Jeffrey Conti is Captain Regent of San Marino together with Glauco Sansovini for the semester from April 1 , 2010 to October 1 , 2010 .
4207	In 1948 Bubba produced the first Italian self-propelled combine harvester , the 1500 , preceded only by Massey Harris in 1941 .	In 1948 , Bubba produced the first Italian self-propelled combine , the 1500 that only Massey Harris preceded in 1941 .	In 1948 Bubba produced the first Italian self-propelled combine harvester , the 1500 , preceded only by Massey Matthew in 1941 .
4214	Georges Merle died in Paris in 1881 , his son Hugues Merle became a painter as well .	Georges Merle died in 1881 in Paris . His son Hugues Merle also became a painter .	Georges Anthony died in Paris in 1881 , his son Hugues Anthony became a painter as well .
4224	He was then traded for the Detroit Tigers for Matt Drews and Joe Randa through the Arizona Diamondbacks with Travis Fryman .	He was then traded by the Arizona Diamondbacks with Travis Fryman to the Detroit Tigers for Matt Drews and Joe Randa .	He was then traded for the Detroit Tigers for Matt Drews and Ryan Randa through the Arizona Diamondbacks with Travis Fryman .
4226	Langdon Hubbard died in 1892 , and William H. Bennett took over the mill .	In 1892 , Langdon Hubbard died , and William H. Bennett took over the mill .	Langdon Hubbard died in 1892 , and William H. Marcus took over the mill .
4234	This version of Robert Hammond is a xenobiology professor , an old friend of Hal Jordan and the son of United States senator Hector Hammond .	This version of Robert Hammond is a Xenobiology - Professor , an old friend of Hal Jordan and the son of US Senator Hector Hammond .	This version of Derek Hammond is a xenobiology professor , an old friend of Hal Jordan and the son of United States senator Hector Hammond .
4262	Sherwin has also interviewed authors and musicians . Including , his interview with bassist Sean Yseult of White Zombie , author Janet Evanovich , and author Anne Bishop .	He has also interviewed authors and musicians , including his interview with bassist Sean Yseult of White Zombie , author Anne Bishop and author Janet Evanovich .	Sherwin has also interviewed authors and musicians . Including , his interview with bassist Thomas Yseult of White Zombie , author Janet Evanovich , and author Anne Bishop .
4280	The country south of Severin was governed for Bulgaria by the despot of Vidin , Michael Shishman , a supporter of Vejtehi .	The land to the south of Severin was governed for Bulgaria by the despot of Vidin , Michael Shishman , a supporter of Vejtehi .	The country south of Severin was governed for Bulgaria by the despot of Vidin , Joshua Shishman , a supporter of Vejtehi .
4291	Lea Antonoplis and Cammy MacGregor won in the final 6 -- 3 , 3 -- 6 , 7 -- 5 against Ann Henricksson and Julie Richardson .	Lea Lea Antonoplis and Cammy MacGregor won in the final with 6 -- 3 , 3 -- 6 , 7 -- 5 against Ann Henricksson and Julie Richardson .	Lea Antonoplis and Cammy MacGregor won in the final 6 -- 3 , 3 -- 6 , 7 -- 5 against Ann Henricksson and Shannon Richardson .
4303	I tried to buy it when Roy Abernethy ( later governor of Michigan ) and George Romney were AMC .	I tried to buy it when Roy Abernethy ( later Michigan governor ) and George Romney were running AMC .	I tried to buy it when Roy Abernethy ( later governor of Michigan ) and Thomas Romney were AMC .
4304	Frank Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio , consisting of the bassist Zé Eduardo Nazario , drummer Frank Herzberg and pianist Alexandre Zamith .	The Frank Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio that consists of bassist Zé Eduardo Nazario , drummer Frank Herzberg , and pianist Alexandre Zamith .	Frank Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio , consisting of the bassist Zé Lucas Nazario , drummer Frank Herzberg and pianist Alexandre Zamith .
4305	In the third film , the fat lady of Elizabeth Spriggs and Dawn French is played in the first film .	In the third film the Fat Lady is played by Elizabeth Spriggs , and by Dawn French in the first film .	In the third film , the fat lady of Lisa Spriggs and Dawn French is played in the first film .
4309	In 2006 , Venezuelan Carlos Pena gradually took over as Co-Lead singer , although Beny continued to record with Ska Cubano and occasionally went on tour .	In 2006 Venezuelan Carlos Pena gradually took over as co-lead singer , although Beny continued to record and occasionally tour with Ska Cubano .	In 2006 , Venezuelan Kevin Pena gradually took over as Co-Lead singer , although Beny continued to record with Ska Cubano and occasionally went on tour .
4317	The poet and writer Andrija Kačić Miošić and the Franciscan writer Filip Grabovac introduce a special place in the literature of the 18th century .	A special place in the literature of the 18th century is held by the poet and writer Andrija Kačić Miošić and the Franciscan writer Filip Grabovac .	The poet and writer Andrija Kačić Miošić and the Franciscan writer Adrian Grabovac introduce a special place in the literature of the 18th century .
4326	Ruben Aganbegyan ( ; b . 1972 , Novosibirsk ) is a Russian economist , the President of Micex . Son of the famous Soviet economist Abel Aganbegyan .	Ruben Aganbegyan ( b . 1972 in Novosibirsk ) is a Russian economist , president of Micex , the son of the famous Soviet economist Abel Aganbegyan .	Ruben Aganbegyan ( ; b . 1972 , Novosibirsk ) is a Russian economist , the President of Micex . Son of the famous Soviet economist Joshua Aganbegyan .
4342	He married Agnes Theodora Walther , the daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther ) , in 1881 and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vagn Petersson .	In 1881 , he married Agnes Theodora Walther , daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther , and his son is the botanist and draftsman Vagn Petersson .	He married Erica Theodora Walther , the daughter of Vilhelm Theodor Walther ) , in 1881 and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vagn Petersson .
4343	Robinson played high school basketball at Memphis Melrose High School , where one of his teammates was his professional college and future teammate , Larry Finch .	Robinson played High School Basketball at the Memphis Melrose High School , where one of his teammates was his professional college and future teammate , Larry Finch .	Robinson played high school basketball at Memphis Melrose High School , where one of his teammates was his professional college and future teammate , Cameron Finch .
4348	On 22 September 1904 he joined Bishop Guerin and returned on 24 January 1905 to Béni Abbès .	Charles joined Bishop Guerin on September 22 , 1904 and returned to Béni Abbès on 24 January 1905 .	On 22 September 1904 he joined Jackson Guerin and returned on 24 January 1905 to Béni Abbès .
4358	Goodlatte , a pilot and Air Force veteran , who made a 2015 primary challenge of State Delegate Chris Head , challenged Harry Griego for the Republican nomination .	Goodlatte , a pilot and air force veteran who made a primary challenge of State Delegate Chris Head in 2015 , called for Harry Griego for the Republican nomination .	Goodlatte , a pilot and Air Force veteran , who made a 2015 primary challenge of State Delegate Chris Head , challenged Mason Griego for the Republican nomination .
4376	The current director of Sony Best is Ajay GAjjar who is also a foremost member of WPI .	The current director of Sony Best is Ajay Gajjar , who is also a leading member of WPI .	The current director of Sony Best is Sean GAjjar who is also a foremost member of WPI .
4390	On July 24 , 2013 , Brother Ali appeared as " Expert Witness " at the Maximum Fun Podcast " Judge John Hodgman " .	On July 24 , 2013 , Brother Ali appeared on the Maximum Fun podcast " Judge John Hodgman " as an " Expert Witness " .	On July 24 , 2013 , Brother Ali appeared as " Expert Witness " at the Maximum Fun Podcast " Judge Jeremiah Hodgman " .
4413	In 1806 Louis Bonaparte assigned his brother Louis Napoleon , a Catholic , to the throne of the Netherlands .	In 1806 , Louis Bonaparte ordered his brother Louis Napoleon , a Catholic , to the throne of the Netherlands .	In 1806 Alexander Bonaparte assigned his brother Alexander Napoleon , a Catholic , to the throne of the Netherlands .
4414	Thomas Thomas Kane 's first memorable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at the age of six when he was twenty years old .	Thomas Kane 's first memorable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at six years old , when he was twenty .	Thomas Thomas Kane 's first memorable encounter with Natalie Wood was at the age of six when he was twenty years old .
4450	The R335 is a Regional Route in Somerset East that connects Port Elizabeth from the south to South Africa to the north via Addo .	The R335 is a regional route in Somerset East , which links Port Elizabeth from the south to South Africa via Addo to the north .	The R335 is a Regional Route in Somerset East that connects Port Catherine from the south to South Africa to the north via Addo .
4455	Osman 's son Yafes Osman became the Science and Technology minister of Bangladesh in 2009 .	The son of Osman , Yafes Osman , became Minister of Science and Technology in 2009 in Bangladesh .	Mason 's son Yafes Mason became the Science and Technology minister of Bangladesh in 2009 .
4463	He was born into a family of actors , including his father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette , his grandfather was the Gilbert and Sullivan - conductor François Cellier .	Frank was born into a family of actors including his father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette . His grandfather was the Gilbert and Sullivan conductor François Cellier .	He was born into a family of actors , including his father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette , his grandfather was the Gilbert and Benjamin - conductor François Cellier .
4469	" It was a fast race , and I had such a crazy Pennzoil Ford , " said Logano .	" It was a fast race , and I had such a crazy penn zoil Ford " , said Logano .	" It was a fast race , and I had such a crazy Pennzoil Adam , " said Logano .
4473	Trained with César Cielo , coach of American swimmer Bob Bowman , at the University of Michigan . He is a childhood friend of Michael Phelps .	Trained by César Cielo , the American swimmer coach Bob Bowman , at the University of Michigan , he is a childhood friend of Michael Phelps .	Trained with César Cielo , coach of American swimmer Bob Bowman , at the University of Michigan . He is a childhood friend of Jesus Phelps .
4485	The film was produced by Harry Alan Towers and was directed by Peter Collinson .	The film was directed by Peter Collinson and produced by Harry Alan Towers .	The film was produced by Adam Alan Towers and was directed by Peter Collinson .
4489	Shawn told Shawn that his mother was not dead and his father was still married and on the day of the wedding of Colleen and Santo , Shawn told Colleen .	Stefano told Shawn that his mother was not dead and his father was still married and on the day of Colleen and Santo 's wedding , Shawn told Colleen .	Matthew told Matthew that his mother was not dead and his father was still married and on the day of the wedding of Colleen and Santo , Matthew told Colleen .
4502	Sandringham Railway Station is located on Brighton Beach line in Victoria , Brighton , and serves south-eastern Australia , suburbs of Melbourne .	Sandringham railway station is located on the Brighton Beach line in Victoria , Brighton , and serves the south-eastern Australia , suburb of Melbourne .	Sandringham Railway Station is located on Gregory Beach line in Victoria , Gregory , and serves south-eastern Australia , suburbs of Melbourne .
4513	In 2011 , George Maguire appeared as Richard Loeb in Thrill Me , first in the Tristan Bates Theatre in London , and then in the Charing Cross Theatre .	In 2011 George Maguire appeared as Richard Loeb in Thrill Me , first at the Tristan Bates Theatre in London and then at the Charing Cross Theatre .	In 2011 , George Peter appeared as Richard Loeb in Thrill Me , first in the Tristan Bates Theatre in London , and then in the Charing Cross Theatre .
4524	On 20 April 2007 , Stephanie Johnson joined the occupation of " Days of Our Lives " in the contract role of Hennig .	On April 20 , 2007 , Stephanie Johnson joined the cast of " Days of Our Lives " in the contract role of Hennig .	On 20 April 2007 , Leslie Johnson joined the occupation of " Days of Our Lives " in the contract role of Hennig .
4525	As part of a rationalization campaign , the company reported in January 2017 that it would close three remaining regional cuisines in Atlanta , Landover and Everett .	As part of a tightening campaign , the company reported in January 2017 that it would close three remaining regional cuisines in Everett , Landover and Atlanta .	As part of a rationalization campaign , the company reported in January 2017 that it would close three remaining regional cuisines in Atlanta , Landover and Timothy .
4556	Dolly Parton 's thirteenth solo studio album , produced by Bob Ferguson , is Jolene .	Jolene is Dolly Parton 's thirteenth solo studio album , produced by Bob Ferguson .	Dolly Parton 's thirteenth solo studio album , produced by Bob Ferguson , is Lindsey .
4561	The American philosopher Stanley Cavell helped to re-introduce the book to modern philosophical readers in his collection " Must We Say What We Mean ? " ( 1969 ) .	The American philosopher Stanley Cavell helped reintroduce the book in his collection " Must say what we mean " ( 1969 ) to modern philosophical readers .	The American philosopher Mark Cavell helped to re-introduce the book to modern philosophical readers in his collection " Must We Say What We Mean ? " ( 1969 ) .
4571	According to the RKD he was the son of the genre painter Abraham Busschop and brother of the bird painter Cornelis Bisschop .	According to the RKD he was the son of the genre painter Abraham Busschop and the brother of bird painter Cornelis Bisschop .	According to the RKD he was the son of the genre painter Peter Busschop and brother of the bird painter Cornelis Bisschop .
4572	After the 1962 season , Green was traded to the New York Mets along with Felix Mantilla in exchange for Tracy Stallard and Al Moran .	After the 1962 season , Green was traded with the New York Mets together with Felix Mantilla in exchange for Tracy Stallard and Al Moran .	After the 1962 season , Green was traded to the New York Mets along with Felix Mantilla in exchange for Tracy Stallard and Lucas Moran .
4583	Philip Seymour Hoffman played a 1994 - TV adaptation as Ezra Baxter , Jean Smart as Ora Baxter and Peter Strauss as Buck .	A 1994 television adaptation starred Philip Seymour Hoffman as Ezra Baxter , Jean Smart as Ora Baxter , and Peter Strauss as Buck .	Philip Seymour Hoffman played a 1994 - TV adaptation as Eric Baxter , Jean Smart as Ora Baxter and Peter Strauss as Buck .
4588	Wally Masur defeated Bill Scanlon 6 -- 4 , 7 -- 6 to secure the title .	Wally Masur defeated Bill Scanlon with 6 -- 4 , 7 -- 6 to secure the title .	Wally Masur defeated Ethan Scanlon 6 -- 4 , 7 -- 6 to secure the title .
4596	In March 2016 , Cain 's car got stolen , Cain thought it was Charity or Ross .	In March 2016 , Cain 's car was stolen , Cain thought it would be charity or ross .	In March 2016 , Cain 's car got stolen , Cain thought it was Charity or Sean .
4598	It begins first with Dr. Sanjay Mehra ( Rakesh Roshan ) and his wife Sonia ( Rekha ) , who are part of a car accident .	It first begins with Dr. Rakesh Roshan ( Sanjay Mehra ) and his wife Sonia ( Rekha ) , who are part of a car-crash .	It begins first with Dr. Christian Mehra ( Rakesh Roshan ) and his wife Sonia ( Rekha ) , who are part of a car accident .
4619	The Frank Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio which consists of bassist Zé Eduardo Nazario , drummer Frank Herzberg and pianist Alexandre Zamith .	The Frank Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio that consists of bassist Zé Eduardo Nazario , drummer Frank Herzberg , and pianist Alexandre Zamith .	The Frank Herzberg Trio is a contemporary Brazilian jazz trio which consists of bassist Zé Eduardo Ian , drummer Frank Herzberg and pianist Alexandre Zamith .
4620	Born in Dundee , Gavin Plumley was educated at Monmouth School and read music at Keble College , Oxford . He lives in Bedford .	Gavin Plumley was born in Dundee , studied at Monmouth School and read at Keble College , Oxford , where he lives in Bedford .	Born in Dundee , Jayden Plumley was educated at Monmouth School and read music at Keble College , Oxford . He lives in Bedford .
4646	Paul Rosbaud and his brother Hans performed as children with their mother , who teached the piano .	As children , Paul Rosbaud and his brother Hans performed with their mother , who taught piano .	Paul Rosbaud and his brother Alex performed as children with their mother , who teached the piano .
4665	Mayer was the author of a provocative feature film for the " New York Times " entitled " Live Composers , Dead Audiences " .	Mayer was the author of a provocative feature for " The New York Times " entitled " Live Composers , Dead Audiences " .	Brandon was the author of a provocative feature film for the " New York Times " entitled " Live Composers , Dead Audiences " .
4667	Point Marsden was discovered by Matthew Flinders on 21 March 1802 and named after William Marsden , Second Secretary to the Admiralty .	Point Marsden was discovered on March 21 , 1802 by Matthew Flinders , and named after William Marsden , Secretary of the Admiralty .	Point Marsden was discovered by Matthew Flinders on 21 March 1802 and named after Liam Marsden , Second Secretary to the Admiralty .
4669	Sportswriter and fellow player Wallace put Jimmy Smith on his 1909 " All American Team . "	Sportswriter and player Wallace put Jimmy Smith on his All American team " from 1909 .	Sportswriter and fellow player Wallace put Liam Smith on his 1909 " All American Team . "
4671	He was appointed by Robert W. Edgar as a member of the Council of the President 's Common Cause .	Cohen was appointed by Robert W. Edgar as a member of the President 's Council of Common Cause .	He was appointed by Jeremiah W. Edgar as a member of the Council of the President 's Common Cause .
4690	Iain Andrew Stirling ( born 27 January 1988 ) is a Scottish comedian , writer and television presenter from Edinburgh now based in London .	Iain Andrew Stirling ( born January 27 , 1988 ) is a Scottish comedian , writer , and television host from Edinburgh , now living in London .	Iain Jared Stirling ( born 27 January 1988 ) is a Scottish comedian , writer and television presenter from Edinburgh now based in London .
4695	Hannah retired in March 1977 , and died the following year .	In March 1977 , Hannah retired and died the following year .	Hannah retired in March 1977 , and died the following year .
4696	With the help of the bassist Pat Schick , keyboarder Guy Daniel and drummer Camus Celli , Ponti played guitars and keyboards on the album .	Ponti played guitars and keyboards on the album , with the help of bassist Pat Schick , keyboard player Guy Daniel and drummer Camus Celli .	With the help of the bassist Bryan Schick , keyboarder Guy Daniel and drummer Camus Celli , Ponti played guitars and keyboards on the album .
4704	Both traced the continuing influence on literary and cultural studies of the kinds of cultural materialism developed by Williams and his successors .	Both highlighted the continuing influence of the forms of cultural materialism developed by Williams and his successors on literary and cultural studies .	Both traced the continuing influence on literary and cultural studies of the kinds of cultural materialism developed by Donald and his successors .
4709	Is a short book by Virginia Cary Hudson , first published in 1962 with illustrations by Karla Kuskin .	Is a short book by Virginia Cary Hudson , first published illustrations by Karla Kuskin in 1962 .	Is a short book by Virginia Cary Hudson , first published in 1962 with illustrations by Caroline Kuskin .
4713	During this time , Cousin also played as a session musician on two songs by Mice , a band created by Regan that existed between 1995 and 1997 .	During that time , Cousin also played as a session musician on two songs by Mice , a band of Regan , which existed between 1995 and 1997 .	During this time , Cousin also played as a session musician on two songs by Mice , a band created by Alexandra that existed between 1995 and 1997 .
4728	In 2014-15 , Shapiro appeared in the role of Marc Maron 's eccentric neighbor , Bernie , in the IFC comedy series " Maron " .	In 2014-15 , Shapiro appeared in the role of the eccentric neighbor of Marc Maron , Bernie , in the IFC - Comedy - Series " Maron " .	In 2014-15 , Shapiro appeared in the role of Marc Maron 's eccentric neighbor , Matthew , in the IFC comedy series " Maron " .
4741	The magazine was located in Paris , but was published by Gerald Duckworth and Company in London .	The magazine was based in Paris but was published in London by Gerald Duckworth and Company .	The magazine was located in Paris , but was published by Austin Duckworth and Company in London .
4747	Dr. Carter remains in Africa for several months and works in Kem 's AIDS clinic .	Dr. Carter remains in Africa for several months and works in the Kem AIDS clinic .	Dr. Andrew remains in Africa for several months and works in Kem 's AIDS clinic .
4759	Franz Josef Land , Arkhangelsk Oblast , Russia ( Russian : " Остров Галля " ; " Ostrov Gallya " ) is an island in Hall Island .	Franz Josef Land , Archangelsk Oblast , Russia ( Russian : " Остров Галля " ; " Ostrov Gallya " ) is an island in the Hall - Island .	Franz Sean Land , Arkhangelsk Oblast , Russia ( Russian : " Остров Галля " ; " Ostrov Gallya " ) is an island in Hall Island .
4792	In 2006 , the team added a second car for Richard Göransson and was replaced by Thed Björk in 2009 .	The team added a second car for Richard Göransson in 2006 , and was replaced by Thed Björk in 2009 .	In 2006 , the team added a second car for Adrian Göransson and was replaced by Thed Björk in 2009 .
4795	In 2012 , he began work on The New 52 series " Batwing " with writer Marcus To and artists ChrisCross and Judd Winick .	In 2012 he began working on the new 52 series " Batwing " with the writer Marcus To and the artists ChrisCross and Judd Winick .	In 2012 , he began work on The New 52 series " Batwing " with writer Marcus To and artists ChrisCross and Adrian Winick .
4804	From her former marriage , Katy Spencer had a daughter , Ann ( a graduate of Texas Tech in 1962 ) .	From her previous marriage , Katy Spencer had a daughter , Ann ( a 1962 graduate of Texas Tech ) .	From her former marriage , Katy Jose had a daughter , Ann ( a graduate of Texas Tech in 1962 ) .
4815	The title track was composed by V. Harikrishna and sung by Priya Hemesh with texts by Yugabharathi .	The title track was composed by V. Harikrishna and is sung by Priya Hemesh with lyrics by Yugabharathi .	The title track was composed by V. Harikrishna and sung by Brittany Hemesh with texts by Yugabharathi .
4835	John Ruskin called it " the world 's most precious Paul Veronese " . Henry James wrote in 1882 :	John Ruskin called it " the most precious Paul Veronese in the world . " Henry James wrote in 1882 :	John Ruskin called it " the world 's most precious Caleb Veronese " . Henry James wrote in 1882 :
4853	For personal reasons , Rudy Lenners joined the following year and was replaced by Herman Rarebell .	The following year , Rudy Lenners resigned for personal reasons and was replaced by Herman Rarebell .	For personal reasons , Rudy Lenners joined the following year and was replaced by Peter Rarebell .
4854	Other collaborators include Paul Cox , Alan Barnes , Dub Syndicate , Art Themen , Pee Wee Ellis , Little Axe and Gypie Mayo .	Other collaborators include Paul Cox , Alan Barnes , Dub Syndicate , Art Themes , Pee Wee Ellis , Little Axe and Gypie Mayo .	Other collaborators include Gabriel Cox , Alan Barnes , Dub Syndicate , Art Themen , Pee Wee Ellis , Little Axe and Gypie Mayo .
4891	It was directed by Randall Einhorn , his fourth episode of the season and twelfth in the series overall .	It was directed by Randall Einhorn , his fourth episode of the season and twelfth in the series .	It was directed by Mason Einhorn , his fourth episode of the season and twelfth in the series overall .
4892	In 2012 , Duncan appeared alongside Amanda Hale in Scrubber , a film by Romola Garai written and managed .	In 2012 Duncan appeared alongside Amanda Hale in Scrubber , a film written and directed by Romola Garai .	In 2012 , Jason appeared alongside Amanda Hale in Scrubber , a film by Romola Garai written and managed .
4909	Incumbent Republican George Allen ran for a third term , but lost to Democrat Chuck Robb .	The established Republican George Allen ran for a third term , but lost to Democrat Chuck Robb .	Incumbent Republican Steven Allen ran for a third term , but lost to Democrat Chuck Robb .
4926	LaFlare confronted Roan Carneiro on February 11 , 2017 at UFC 208 . He won the fight by unanimous decision .	LaFlare faced Roan Carneiro on February 11 , 2017 at UFC 208 . He won the fight by unanimous decision .	LaFlare confronted Nathaniel Carneiro on February 11 , 2017 at UFC 208 . He won the fight by unanimous decision .
4932	It was the first album by Carol Emanuel , Bill Frisell , and Kenny Wollesen who would become known as The Gnostic Trio .	It was the first album of Carol Emanuel , Bill Frisell and Kenny Wollesen , who had become known as The Gnostic Trio .	It was the first album by Brittany Emanuel , Bill Frisell , and Kenny Wollesen who would become known as The Gnostic Trio .
4956	In 2015 , Kim was once again chosen for the Korean national team , and became the first man since 1985 twice to win the World Archery Championship .	In 2015 , Kim was again selected for the Korean national team , and became the first man since 1985 to win the World Archery Championships twice .	In 2015 , Courtney was once again chosen for the Korean national team , and became the first man since 1985 twice to win the World Archery Championship .
4971	Nikolaus Friedrich von Thouret ( born June 2 , 1767 in Stuttgart , Germany , died 17 January 1845 in Ludwigsburg ) .	Nikolaus Friedrich von Thouret ( born Stuttgart , 2 June 1767 ; died Ludwigsburg , 17 January 1845 ) .	Isaiah Friedrich von Thouret ( born June 2 , 1767 in Stuttgart , Germany , died 17 January 1845 in Ludwigsburg ) .
4983	She was also featured in an article with her son , Maxwell Minard , for Robert Kennedy 's motivational magazine " Off the Couch " .	She was also presented in an article with her son Maxwell Minard for Robert Kennedy 's motivation magazine " Off the Couch " .	She was also featured in an article with her son , Maxwell Minard , for Timothy Kennedy 's motivational magazine " Off the Couch " .
4995	As assistant to Nicolaier in Göttingen , Carl Flügge discovered the bacterium Clostridium tetani , which causes Tetanus in 1884 .	As an assistant to Nicolaier in Göttingen , Carl Flügge discovered Clostridium tetani , the bacterium that causes tetanus , in 1884 .	As assistant to Nicolaier in Göttingen , Bryan Flügge discovered the bacterium Clostridium tetani , which causes Tetanus in 1884 .
5033	Aditya is carried to a magical island where he helps the tiny locals defeat the giant Jhamunda .	Aditya is carried to a magical island where he helps the little locals to defeat the giant Jhamunda .	Liam is carried to a magical island where he helps the tiny locals defeat the giant Jhamunda .
5060	Cartwright was born on 14 March 1981 in Erdington , West Midlands . He has an older brother , Che Cartwright , who is also an actor .	He was born on March 14 , 1981 in Erdington , West Midlands , and has an elder brother , Che Cartwright , who is also an actor .	Cartwright was born on 14 March 1981 in Erdington , West Midlands . He has an older brother , Nathaniel Cartwright , who is also an actor .
5073	Foley worked with , among others , Calvin Russell , Townes Van Zandt , Gurf Morlix , Billy Block , and Guy Schwartz .	Foley worked together with Gurf Morlix , Townes Van Zandt , Guy Schwartz , Billy Block and Calvin Russell , amongst others .	Foley worked with , among others , Calvin Russell , Cameron Van Zandt , Gurf Morlix , Billy Block , and Guy Schwartz .
5087	Peter Maag ( Ernst Peter Johannes Maag ) ( 10 May 1919 -- 16 April 2001 ) was a Swiss conductor .	Peter Maag ( Ernst Peter Johannes Maag ) ( 10 May 1919 - 16 April 2001 ) was a Swiss conductor .	Jack Maag ( Ernst Jack Johannes Maag ) ( 10 May 1919 -- 16 April 2001 ) was a Swiss conductor .
5098	Jan Apell and Brent Haygarth won 3 : 6 , 6 : 1 , 6 : 3 against Pat Cash and Patrick Rafter in the final .	Jan Apell and Brent Haygarth won in the final 3 -- 6 , 6 -- 1 , 6 -- 3 against Pat Cash and Patrick Rafter .	Jan Apell and Brent Haygarth won 3 : 6 , 6 : 1 , 6 : 3 against Stephen Cash and Patrick Rafter in the final .
5105	Javier Moracho Torrente ( born August 18 , 1957 in Spain ) is a former Monzón Huesca hurdler .	Javier Moracho Torrente ( born August 18 , 1957 in Spain ) is a retired hurdler from Monzón , Huesca .	Isaac Moracho Torrente ( born August 18 , 1957 in Spain ) is a former Monzón Huesca hurdler .
5136	Mark Williams is played in the TV series by Olaf Petersen .	Mark Williams is played by Olaf Petersen in the television series .	Mark Samuel is played in the TV series by Olaf Petersen .
5158	However , Serena decides to keep this truth for a little longer from Dan .	Serena , however , decides to keep this truth from Dan a little while longer .	However , Serena decides to keep this truth for a little longer from Nathaniel .
5160	Terry was born in Fairfax , Iowa , and died in Cedar Rapids , Iowa .	Terry was born at Fairfax , Iowa , and died in Cedar Rapids , Iowa .	Stephen was born in Fairfax , Iowa , and died in Cedar Rapids , Iowa .
5162	Suman Chatterjee recorded several albums between 1992 and 1999 under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Kabir Suman .	Suman Chatterjee , recorded a number of albums between 1992 and 1999 under the name Suman Chattopaddhyay or Kabir Suman .	Suman Chatterjee recorded several albums between 1992 and 1999 under the name of Suman Chattopaddhyay or Adrian Suman .
5177	Cardiff Castle was then owned by Philip Herbert , a moderate Parliamentarian , and the castle was initially held by a pro-Royalist garrison .	Cardiff Castle was owned at the time by Philip Herbert , a moderate parliamentarian , and the castle was initially held by a pro-royalist garrison .	Cardiff Castle was then owned by Thomas Herbert , a moderate Parliamentarian , and the castle was initially held by a pro-Royalist garrison .
5189	Hugh was father of Walter Giffard , the Archbishop of York and Chancellor of England .	Hugh was father of the Walter Giffard who became Archbishop of York and Chancellor of England .	Hugh was father of Isaac Giffard , the Archbishop of York and Chancellor of England .
5192	The soundtrack was composed by the musician Wajahat Attre , with lyrics by Hazin Qadri and sung by Noor Jehan , and Mehnaz .	The soundtrack was composed by musician Wajahat Attre , with texts by Hazin Qadri , sung by Noor Jehan and Mehnaz .	The soundtrack was composed by the musician Wajahat Attre , with lyrics by Hazin Qadri and sung by Lisa Jehan , and Mehnaz .
5197	David Stillman is the Head Sales Trainer at Vorsight and Steve Richard is President and CEO of the company .	David Stillman is the head sales trainer at Vorsight . Steve Richard is the President and CEO of the company .	David Stillman is the Head Sales Trainer at Vorsight and Patrick Richard is President and CEO of the company .
5207	Hardie became Secretary of the Party , while Cunninghame Graham was the first treasurer and George Mitchell was the president .	Hardie became the party 's Secretary , while Cunninghame Graham was the first Treasurer and George Mitchell was the President .	Hardie became Secretary of the Party , while Cunninghame Graham was the first treasurer and John Mitchell was the president .
5212	Johnny Triumph frequently collaborates with the singer Björk and has performed with The Sugarcubes as Sjón .	Johnny Triumph often collaborates with the singer Björk and has performed as Sjón with The Sugarcubes .	Daniel Triumph frequently collaborates with the singer Björk and has performed with The Sugarcubes as Sjón .
5215	In 1989 , Roxus supported Australian bands Poison and Bon Jovi on their international tours .	In 1989 Roxus supported respective Australian bands , Poison and Bon Jovi , on their international tours .	In 1989 , Roxus supported Australian bands Poison and Bon Jasmine on their international tours .
5216	Guitar played Gordon , Danny Kortchmar Bass and Lou Adler drums producing with Charles Larkey .	Gordon played guitar , Danny Kortchmar played bass and Lou Adler played drums with Charles Larkey producing .	Guitar played Gordon , Danny Kortchmar Bass and Lou Adler drums producing with Tyler Larkey .
5248	Adam Helmer died on April 9 , 1830 , in the town of Brutus in Cayuga County , New York .	Adam Helmer died on 9 April 1830 in the city of Brutus at Cayuga County in New York .	Justin Helmer died on April 9 , 1830 , in the town of Brutus in Cayuga County , New York .
5250	Louisa Barnett married Lorenzo Giuntini in Frome , Somerset on September 11 , 1866 and got 8 children .	Lorenzo Giuntini married Susannah Louisa Barnett in Frome , Somerset on 11 September 1866 and got 8 children .	Christine Barnett married Lorenzo Giuntini in Frome , Somerset on September 11 , 1866 and got 8 children .
5252	The theme music was composed by Ronnie Hazlehurst and Hugh Wisdom , conducted by Gaynor Colbourn and arranged by Gaynor Colbourn .	The theme music was composed by Ronnie Hazlehurst and Hugh Wisdom , headed by Gaynor Colbourn and arranged by Gaynor Colbourn .	The theme music was composed by Daniel Hazlehurst and Hugh Wisdom , conducted by Gaynor Colbourn and arranged by Gaynor Colbourn .
5254	Peter declares that Jesus is " the Christ " , the Anointed One .	Peter declares that Jesus " is the Christ " , the Anointed .	Richard declares that Jesus is " the Christ " , the Anointed One .
5281	He first appeared in " ASAP 09 " in the D-Lite segment where he performed with Karylle , Toni Gonzaga and Nikki Gil .	He first appeared in " ASAP 09 " in the D -Lite segment , where he performed with Nikki Gil , Toni Gonzaga and Karylle .	He first appeared in " ASAP 09 " in the D-Lite segment where he performed with Karylle , Toni Gonzaga and Nikki Derek .
5286	Ross - Bridge is a historic bridge in the city of Ross in central Tasmania , Australia , completed in July 1836 . It crosses the Macquarie river .	Ross Bridge is an historic bridge in the town of Ross in central Tasmania , Australia , completed in July 1836 . It crosses the Macquarie River .	Luke - Bridge is a historic bridge in the city of Luke in central Tasmania , Australia , completed in July 1836 . It crosses the Macquarie river .
5287	On October 7 , 2009 , David Caplan was named Minister of Health and Long-Term Care to replace Matthews .	On 7 October 2009 , David Caplan was appointed Minister of Health and Long-term Care to replace Matthews .	On October 7 , 2009 , Ian Caplan was named Minister of Health and Long-Term Care to replace Matthews .
5293	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a battle in Kabul in 1995 , Khadr visited him in Peshawar hospital .	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a 1995 battle in Kabul , Khadr visited him the Peshawar hospital .	When Elijah Elzahabi was injured in a battle in Kabul in 1995 , Khadr visited him in Peshawar hospital .
5295	" Chuck Versus the Wedding Planner " was directed by Anton Cropper and is written by Rafe Judkins and Lauren LeFranc .	" Chuck Versus the Wedding Planner " was written by Rafe Judkins and Lauren LeFranc and directed by Anton Cropper .	" Chuck Versus the Wedding Planner " was directed by Anton Cropper and is written by Rafe Judkins and Lindsey LeFranc .
5310	Paul Cirja # 7 passed 2 TD scramble and also scored 2 TD one to Florin Oltean # 85 and one to Dan Crasnic # 93 .	Cirja # 7 passed 2 TD Scramble and also achieved 2 TD one to Florin Oltean # 85 and one to Dan Crasnic # 93 .	Paul Cirja # 7 passed 2 TD scramble and also scored 2 TD one to Florin Oltean # 85 and one to Jesus Crasnic # 93 .
5323	Some remarkable performers to have shows at Echoplex include The Mars Volta , Beck , NIN , Lorde , the Rolling Stones and Thom Yorke .	Some notable performers to have shows at Echoplex include The Mars Volta , Thom Yorke , NIN , Beck , The Rolling Stones and Lorde .	Some remarkable performers to have shows at Echoplex include The Mars Volta , John , NIN , Lorde , the Rolling Stones and Thom Yorke .
5325	Dan Ali was confirmed as a Cabinet Minister by the Nigerian Senate in October 2015 and was appointed Minister of Defence by President Muhammadu Buhari in November 2015 .	In October 2015 , it was confirmed by the Nigerian Senate as Cabinet Minister , and in November 2015 it was appointed Minister of Defence by President Muhammadu Buhari .	Brian Ali was confirmed as a Cabinet Minister by the Nigerian Senate in October 2015 and was appointed Minister of Defence by President Muhammadu Buhari in November 2015 .
5341	Coxeter defines anti-unitary groups with other constructions , for example these three . The first was discovered and drawn by Peter McMullen in 1966 .	Coxeter defines anti-unitary groups with other constructions , eg these three : the first was discovered and drawn by Peter McMullen in 1966 .	Coxeter defines anti-unitary groups with other constructions , for example these three . The first was discovered and drawn by Nicholas McMullen in 1966 .
5370	Andy Pettitte opened the top of the fifth inning with a double and scored on a single to center field by Nick Swisher .	Andy Pettitte opened the top of the fifth inning with a double and achieved in a single to center field by Nick Swisher .	Andy Pettitte opened the top of the fifth inning with a double and scored on a single to center field by Gregory Swisher .
5374	Towradgi is located at Pioneer Rd , North Dalton Park , in the northern suburbs of Wollongong , New South Wales , Australia .	Towradgi is located on Pioneer Rd , North Dalton Park , in the northern suburbs of Wollongong , New South Wales , Australia .	Towradgi is located at Pioneer Rd , North Hunter Park , in the northern suburbs of Wollongong , New South Wales , Australia .
5377	He also asked Krishna Reddy to come from Chennai to Hyderabad to help him in the shop .	He also asked Krishna Reddy to come from Chennai to Hyderabad to help him in the business .	He also asked Travis Reddy to come from Chennai to Hyderabad to help him in the shop .
5379	It was designed by Philip Oliver Ellard Hawkes and produced by local monumental masonry firm Frederick William Webb .	It was designed by Philip Oliver Ellard Hawkes and produced by the local monumental masonry company Frederick William Webb .	It was designed by Philip Oliver Ellard Hawkes and produced by local monumental masonry firm Jesse William Webb .
5383	Sir Roger Martyn ( or Martin ) was a mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 ; he was also Sheriff of London in 1559 .	Sir Martin ( or Roger Martyn ) was a Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 , and in 1559 he was Sheriff of London .	Sir Roger Martyn ( or Evan ) was a mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 ; he was also Sheriff of London in 1559 .
5395	Nora Navarro was born as the second of six children of the physician Winifredo Santos and María Rosario Santos y Navarro .	Nora Navarro was born the second of six children of Winifredo Santos , a physician , and María Rosario Santos y Navarro .	Crystal Navarro was born as the second of six children of the physician Winifredo Santos and María Rosario Santos y Navarro .
5396	" Darn That Dream " is a popular song with music by Jimmy Van Heusen and texts of Eddie DeLange , published in 1939 .	" Darn That Dream " is a popular song with music by Jimmy Van Heusen and lyrics by Eddie DeLange , published in 1939 .	" Darn That Dream " is a popular song with music by Marcus Van Heusen and texts of Eddie DeLange , published in 1939 .
5398	A. J. Timlin put up the first store , which was run by T. J. Smith for many years .	A. J. Timlin opened the first store which was run for many years by T. J. Smith .	A. J. Timlin put up the first store , which was run by T. J. Jason for many years .
5413	Born in Parkesburg , Pennsylvania , Scott was buried in Chester County , Pennsylvania .	Scott was born in Parkesburg , Pennsylvania , and was buried in Chester County , Pennsylvania .	Born in Parkesburg , Pennsylvania , Jared was buried in Chester County , Pennsylvania .
5420	According to the 1885 Dictionary of National Biography , Leland is assigned by Ralph Acton and his followers to the first half of the fourteenth century .	After the 1885 Dictionary of National Biography , Leland is assigned to the first half of the fourteenth century by Ralph Acton and his followers .	According to the 1885 Dictionary of National Biography , Leland is assigned by Nathaniel Acton and his followers to the first half of the fourteenth century .
5423	Between 1865 and 1876 , Jones spent a large part of his time in New York while retaining Baltimore as his residency .	Between 1865 and 1876 Jones spent a large part of his time in New York , while retaining Baltimore as his residence .	Between 1865 and 1876 , Austin spent a large part of his time in New York while retaining Baltimore as his residency .
5424	Kaamadhenu is an Indian Malayalam film from 1976 , directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by Hassan Rasheed .	Kaamadhenu is a 1976 Indian Malayalam film , directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by Hassan Rasheed .	Kaamadhenu is an Indian Malayalam film from 1976 , directed by J. Sasikumar and produced by Hassan Patrick .
5444	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguare , Cleveland Browns , and Virginia Destroyers .	Lewis was also a member of Cleveland Browns , Jacksonville Jaguars , the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , and Virginia Destroyers .	Lewis was also a member of the Oakland Raiders , Seattle Seahawks , Detroit Lions , Jacksonville Jaguare , Cleveland Browns , and Jessica Destroyers .
5448	The author Jessica Mitford expressed her admiration for Christopher Hitchens and praised " Hons and Rebels " .	The author Jessica Mitford expressed her admiration for Christopher Hitchen and praised " Hons and Rebels " .	The author Lauren Mitford expressed her admiration for Christopher Hitchens and praised " Hons and Rebels " .
5453	Jonathan Dakers met Edie Martyn as a child ( Beatrice Campbell ) .	As a child Jonathan Dakers met Edie Martyn ( Beatrice Campbell ) .	Edward Dakers met Edie Martyn as a child ( Beatrice Campbell ) .
5458	William Henry Henry Harman was born on February 17 , 1828 in Waynesboro , Virginia , with his parents Lewis and Sally ( Garber ) Harman .	William Henry Harman was born in Waynesboro , Virginia on February 17 , 1828 . His parents were Lewis and Sally ( Garber ) Harman .	William Jeremy Jeremy Harman was born on February 17 , 1828 in Waynesboro , Virginia , with his parents Lewis and Sally ( Garber ) Harman .
5459	In October 2015 , Bennett resigned from the Knesset to allow Shuli Mualem to take over his seat .	In October 2015 , Bennett resigned from the Knesset in order to allow Shuli Mualem to take his seat .	In October 2015 , Patrick resigned from the Knesset to allow Shuli Mualem to take over his seat .
5460	Harry , the brother of Ted Cordner , and his cousins Alan Cordner and Larry Cordner also played Senior VFL Football .	Ted Cordner 's brother Harry , and his cousins Alan Cordner and Larry Cordner , also played senior VFL football .	Harry , the brother of Ted Cordner , and his cousins Jayden Cordner and Larry Cordner also played Senior VFL Football .
5462	In September 2015 , Morimoto opened the Pan-Asian restaurant Morimoto Asia at Walt Disney World in Disney Springs in Florida .	In September 2015 , Morimoto opened the pan-Asian restaurant Morimoto Asia in Walt Disney World in Disney Springs , Florida .	In September 2015 , Morimoto opened the Pan-Asian restaurant Morimoto Catherine at Walt Disney World in Disney Springs in Florida .
5479	Liddell then replaced Rua in the main event with Liddell , but Rashad Evans was forced to withdraw from the card due to a hamstring injury .	Liddell then replaced Rua in the main event with Liddell , but Rashad Evans was forced to withdraw from the card due to a femoral injury .	Liddell then replaced Rua in the main event with Liddell , but Angel Evans was forced to withdraw from the card due to a hamstring injury .
5491	In addition to her own dowry , Cecily brought the wardship of her daughter Katherine to her new husband . Together William Hastings and Katherine had six children :	In addition to her own dowry , Cecily brought her new husband the station of her daughter , Katherine , who , together with William Hastings and Katherine , had six children :	In addition to her own dowry , Cecily brought the wardship of her daughter Katherine to her new husband . Together Christian Hastings and Katherine had six children :
5503	Born and raised in Dallas , was the son of Margot ( born Birmingham ) and Ross Perot .	Perot was born and raised in Dallas , the son of Margot ( nee Birmingham ) and Ross Perot .	Born and raised in Dallas , was the son of Margot ( born Birmingham ) and Elijah Perot .
5515	" Thanks to the Facebook generation , anyone by simply mounting a Selfie can become a Harvey Weinstone or a Kevin Spacey " , he added .	" Thanks to the Facebook generation , by simply attaching a selfie , anyone can become a Kevin Spacey or a Harvey Weinstein , " he added .	" Thanks to the Facebook generation , anyone by simply mounting a Selfie can become a Harvey Weinstone or a Jayden Spacey " , he added .
5536	Simon Mathews ( * 1755 ) was a Welsh immigrant who , in 1712 , came to Pennsylvania with his cousin Simon Butler .	Simon Mathews ( died 1755 ) was a Welsh immigrant who came to Pennsylvania with his cousin Simon Butler in 1712 .	Zachary Mathews ( * 1755 ) was a Welsh immigrant who , in 1712 , came to Pennsylvania with his cousin Zachary Butler .
5556	Written by George Mastras and directed by Michelle MacLaren , broadcast on AMC in the United States and Canada on September 8 , 2013 .	Written by George Mastras and directed by Michelle MacLaren , it aired on AMC in the United States and Canada on September 8 , 2013 .	Written by John Mastras and directed by Michelle MacLaren , broadcast on AMC in the United States and Canada on September 8 , 2013 .
5558	Jack Cross was a comic book series written by Gary Erskine and drawn by Warren Ellis . It was first published by DC Comics in 2005 .	Jack Jack Cross was a comic series written by Gary Erskine and drawn by Warren Ellis . It was first published by DC Comics in 2005 .	Jack Cross was a comic book series written by Gary Erskine and drawn by Daniel Ellis . It was first published by DC Comics in 2005 .
5565	The estate was then acquired by the Robertson ( sometimes spelt Robinson ) family .	The estate was then acquired by the Robertson family ( sometimes also Robinson ) .	The estate was then acquired by the Robertson ( sometimes spelt Matthew ) family .
5587	In March , they returned to Jason Sanderson 's studio to record their first material with their newest member , Reid .	In March they returned to Jason Sanderson 's studio to record their first material with latest member Reid .	In March , they returned to Jason Sanderson 's studio to record their first material with their newest member , Donald .
5595	Booth married Mary Macaulay , the niece of the historian Thomas Babington Macaulay , in 1871 , and was a cousin of Fabian - Socialist and writer Beatrice Webb .	Booth married Mary Macaulay in 1871 , niece of the historian Thomas Babington Macaulay . She was also a cousin of the Fabian socialist and author Beatrice Webb .	Booth married Mary Macaulay , the niece of the historian Christian Babington Macaulay , in 1871 , and was a cousin of Fabian - Socialist and writer Beatrice Webb .
5607	Archbishop Robert von Esztergom therefore excommunicated the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict on 25 February 1232 and imposed some high dignitaries of the king .	Therefore , on 25 February 1232 , Archbishop Robert of Esztergom excommunicated the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict and placed some high dignitaries of the king .	Archbishop Gregory von Esztergom therefore excommunicated the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict on 25 February 1232 and imposed some high dignitaries of the king .
5617	The couple had their first child , Shalk Jr , in August 2012 , and in March 2014 his second son Nicol was born .	The couple had their first child , Schalk Jr , in August 2012 , and their second son Nicol was born in March 2014 .	The couple had their first child , Shalk Jr , in August 2012 , and in March 2014 his second son Melanie was born .
5631	Ben Peterson of AllMusic gave the album 4 out of 5 stars and consistently called it imaginative and never predictable " .	Ben Peterson of AllMusic gave the album 4 stars out of 5 , calling it " consistently imaginative and never predictable . "	Ben Jose of AllMusic gave the album 4 out of 5 stars and consistently called it imaginative and never predictable " .
5637	He continued in this post then when Winston Churchill came to power in 1940 , and was also Postmaster General under Churchill between 1943 and 1945 .	He continued in this post when Winston Churchill came to power in 1940 and was also Churchill 's general postmaster between 1943 and 1945 .	He continued in this post then when Bradley Churchill came to power in 1940 , and was also Postmaster General under Churchill between 1943 and 1945 .
5646	In 2008 Rice co-headlined a tour with Maria Taylor of Azure Ray , and played Los Angeles ' Sunset Junction festival .	In 2008 , Rice played a tour with Maria Taylor of Azure Ray and performed at the Los Angeles Sunset Junction Festival .	In 2008 Rice co-headlined a tour with Kathryn Taylor of Azure Ray , and played Los Angeles ' Sunset Junction festival .
5657	Born and raised in Briarcliff Manor , Tom Ortenberg , Managing Director of Open Road Films and former president of Lionsgate Films , was born .	Tom Ortenberg , CEO of Open Road Films and former president of Lionsgate Films , was born and raised in Briarcliff Manor .	Born and raised in Briarcliff Manor , Alexander Ortenberg , Managing Director of Open Road Films and former president of Lionsgate Films , was born .
5698	Juliette and her husband Douglas Blaikie opened the doors to Urban Dance Centre in January 2006 .	In January 2006 , Juliette and her husband Douglas Blaikie opened the doors of the Urban Dance Centre .	Juliette and her husband Jose Blaikie opened the doors to Urban Dance Centre in January 2006 .
5705	In late 2003 , he told an interviewer that his favorite bassists were Mike Mills ( R.E.M . ) , Johnny Gayden ( Albert Collins Band ) and Charles Mingus .	In late 2003 he told an interviewer that his favorite bassists Mike Mills ( R. E. M. ) , Johnny Gayden ( Albert Collins Band ) and Charles Mingus were .	In late 2003 , he told an interviewer that his favorite bassists were Mike Mills ( R.E.M . ) , Johnny Gayden ( Albert Taylor Band ) and Charles Mingus .
5718	Daniel Rinner ( born November 11 , 1990 in Vaduz ) is a cyclist from Liechtenstein , Germany .	Daniel Rinner ( born 11 November 1990 in Vaduz ) is a Liechtenstein cyclist .	Derek Rinner ( born November 11 , 1990 in Vaduz ) is a cyclist from Liechtenstein , Germany .
5721	In 2015 , Stephen Hawking offered Richard Branson a seat for free in the spaceship Virgin Galactic .	In 2015 , Stephen Hawking offered Richard Branson a seat on the Virgin Galactic spaceship for free .	In 2015 , Stephen Hawking offered Richard James a seat for free in the spaceship Virgin Galactic .
5730	Among her regular guests were Canning and Castlereagh , John Russell , Sir Walter Scott , Lord Byron , Sir Robert Peel , Theodore Hook and Sydney Smith .	Her regular guests included Canning and Castlereagh , John Russell , Sir Walter Scott , Lord Byron , Robert Peel , Theodore Hook , and Sydney Smith .	Among her regular guests were Canning and Castlereagh , John Russell , Sir Walter Scott , Lord Byron , Sir Robert Peel , Theodore Hook and Sydney Jayden .
5753	Peter Strauss played a 1994 - TV adaptation as Ezra Baxter , Jean Smart as Ora Baxter and Philip Seymour Hoffman as Buck .	A 1994 television adaptation starred Peter Strauss as Ezra Baxter , Jean Smart as Ora Baxter , and Philip Seymour Hoffman as Buck .	Peter Strauss played a 1994 - TV adaptation as Dustin Baxter , Jean Smart as Ora Baxter and Philip Seymour Hoffman as Buck .
5755	Inception is a science fiction film from 2010 , co-produced by Emma Thomas and written , co-produced and staged by Christopher Nolan .	Inception is a 2010 science fiction film written , co-produced , and directed by Christopher Nolan , and co-produced by Emma Thomas .	Inception is a science fiction film from 2010 , co-produced by Emma Thomas and written , co-produced and staged by Bryan Nolan .
5756	In 2001 , Sir Frank Williams brought Michael to Williams as Senior Operations Engineer .	In 2001 , Sir Frank Williams brought Michael Senior Operations Engineer to Williams .	In 2001 , Sir Frank Thomas brought Michael to Thomas as Senior Operations Engineer .
5758	" Thanks to the Facebook generation , anyone by simply attaching a Selfie , everyone can become Kevin Spacey or a Harvey Winestone " , he added .	" Thanks to the Facebook generation , by simply attaching a selfie , anyone can become a Harvey Weinstein or a Kevin Spacey , " he added .	" Thanks to the Facebook generation , anyone by simply attaching a Selfie , everyone can become Elijah Spacey or a Harvey Winestone " , he added .
5762	All the songs written and composed by Nick Feldman except as noted Note that Jack Hues was credited as Nick DeSpig throughout this album .	All songs written and composed by Nick Feldman , except as noted . Note that Jack Hues was credited as Nick DeSpig throughout this album .	All the songs written and composed by Jesus Feldman except as noted Note that Jack Hues was credited as Jesus DeSpig throughout this album .
5779	The work is dedicated to Gidon Kremer , Tatiana Grindenko and Saulius Sondeckis and is published by Sikorski .	The work is dedicated to Gidon Kremer , Tatiana Grindenko and Saulius Sondeckis . It is published by Sikorski .	The work is dedicated to Gidon Kremer , Angela Grindenko and Saulius Sondeckis and is published by Sikorski .
5782	It also opened for Shiatzy Chen , Yves Saint Laurent , Karl Lagerfeld and Alexander McQueen , and closed for Prada , Kostum National and Louis Vuitton .	She also opened for Shiatzy Chen , Yves Saint Laurent , Karl Lagerfeld and Alexander McQueen , and closed for Prada , Costume National and Louis Vuitton .	It also opened for Shiatzy Chen , Yves Caleb Laurent , Karl Lagerfeld and Alexander McQueen , and closed for Prada , Kostum National and Louis Vuitton .
5787	A grandson of Frederick Herbert Wood Mus.Doc was Henry Dennis , who from 1918 to 1963 was the organist of the Blackpool Parish Church .	A grandson of Frederick Herbert Wood Mus.Doc was Henry Dennis , who was organist of Blackpool Parish Church from 1918 until 1963 .	A grandson of Frederick Christopher Wood Mus.Doc was Henry Dennis , who from 1918 to 1963 was the organist of the Blackpool Parish Church .
5788	Celestine V identifies a persistent tradition as the mysterious figure Dante Alighieri sees among those in the anteroom of hell , in the nameless verses :	A persistent tradition identifies Celestine V as the enigmatic figure Dante Alighieri sees among those in the antechamber of Hell , in the nameless verses :	Celestine V identifies a persistent tradition as the mysterious figure Joshua Alighieri sees among those in the anteroom of hell , in the nameless verses :
5792	Producer of the second season was Lawrence Kasha , John Thomas Lenox produced the first season .	Lawrence Kasha was the producer for the second season ; John Thomas Lenox produced the first season .	Producer of the second season was Lawrence Kasha , John Matthew Lenox produced the first season .
5795	Initially Drummond worked hard to establish his farm , but increasingly this was later taken over by his sons Thomas and James .	Initially , Drummond worked hard to build his farm , but increasingly it was later taken over by his sons Thomas and James .	Initially Drummond worked hard to establish his farm , but increasingly this was later taken over by his sons Thomas and Brian .
5799	Urfa Gate was rebuilt by Kara Arslan , son of Muhammad .	The Urfa gate was rebuilt by Kara Arslan , the son of Muhammad .	Urfa Gate was rebuilt by Kara Arslan , son of Brandon .
5803	Khong Chai is a district ( " Amphoe " ) in the northeastern part of the Kalasin province , South Thailand .	Khong Chai is a district ( " amphoe " ) in the northeastern part of Kalasin Province , southern Thailand .	Khong Anthony is a district ( " Amphoe " ) in the northeastern part of the Kalasin province , South Thailand .
5808	Born in North Carolina , he grew up in Texas and played for a local Dallas team named C.D . Independiente under the chief coach Jose Antonio Radilla .	Gonzalez was born in North Carolina . He grew up in Texas and played for a local Dallas team named C.D . Independiente under head coach Jose Antonio Radilla .	Born in North Carolina , he grew up in Texas and played for a local Dallas team named C.D . Independiente under the chief coach Jose Christian Radilla .
5820	On January 16 , 2009 , Hollins was traded to the Dallas Mavericks along with Matt Carroll in exchange for DeSagana Diop .	On January 16 , 2009 , Hollins was traded with Matt Carroll in exchange for DeSagana Diop to Dallas Mavericks .	On January 16 , 2009 , Hollins was traded to the Dallas Mavericks along with Benjamin Carroll in exchange for DeSagana Diop .
5827	He also helps Nora and Bo Buchanan ( Robert S. Woods ) by defending Bo when he was accused of murdering Georgie Philips ( Jennifer Bransford ) .	He also assisted Nora and Bo Buchanan ( Robert S. Woods ) by defending Bo when he was accused of murdering Georgie Philips ( Jennifer Bransford ) .	He also helps Nora and Jeremy Buchanan ( Robert S. Woods ) by defending Jeremy when he was accused of murdering Georgie Philips ( Jennifer Bransford ) .
5829	Barry Wagstaff ( born November 26 , 1945 ) was a football professional with Sheffield United , Reading and Rotherham United .	Barry Wagstaff , ( born 26 November 1945 ) was a professional footballer with Rotherham United , Reading and Sheffield United .	Daniel Wagstaff ( born November 26 , 1945 ) was a football professional with Sheffield United , Reading and Rotherham United .
5835	She was followed by Paul Gudgin ( 2000 -- 2007 ) , Jon Morgan ( 2007 -- 2008 ) and Kath Festland ( 2008-2015 ) .	She was followed by Paul Gudgin ( 2000 -- 2007 ) , Jon Morgan ( 2007 -- 2008 ) , and Kath Mainland ( 2008-2015 ) .	She was followed by Eric Gudgin ( 2000 -- 2007 ) , Jon Morgan ( 2007 -- 2008 ) and Kath Festland ( 2008-2015 ) .
5836	Landscape is an album by pianist Kenny Barron which was recorded in 1984 and first released on the Japanese Baystate label .	Landscape is an album by pianist Kenny Barron , which was recorded in 1984 and was released on the Japanese label Baystate for the first time .	Landscape is an album by pianist Eric Barron which was recorded in 1984 and first released on the Japanese Baystate label .
5842	He died in Lyon on 23 July 1963 , and was buried in the Cemetery de la Chartreuse at Bordeaux .	He died in Lyon on 23 July 1963 and was buried at the cemetery of la Chartreuse in Bordeaux .	He died in Ethan on 23 July 1963 , and was buried in the Cemetery de la Chartreuse at Bordeaux .
5844	Damien Martyn retired from Test cricket after that series , while Glenn McGrath , Shane Warne and Justin Langer retired during the series .	After this series , Damien Martyn withdrew from Test Cricket , while Glenn McGrath , Shane Warne and Justin Langer retired during the series .	Damien Martyn retired from Test cricket after that series , while Caleb McGrath , Shane Warne and Justin Langer retired during the series .
5856	Butler County is represented in the U.S. Senate by US Senators Roy Blunt ( Democrat ) and Claire McCaskill ( Republican ) .	Butler County is represented in the U.S. Senate by U.S . Senators Roy Blunt ( Democrat ) and Claire McCaskill ( Republican ) .	Butler County is represented in the U.S. Senate by US Senators Roy Blunt ( Democrat ) and Maria McCaskill ( Republican ) .
5861	Thornton introduced a fibrous structure zone T , which was observed at low argon pressures and characterized by closely packed other grains .	Thornton introduced a fibrous structure zone T , which was observed at low argon pressures and characterized by densely packed further grains .	Antonio introduced a fibrous structure zone T , which was observed at low argon pressures and characterized by closely packed other grains .
5877	Since then , a number of routes have been renamed to North Worcestershire in First Midland Red , along with new routes in competition with Red Diamond 's in Redditch .	Since then a number of routes in North Worcestershire have been re-branded as First Midland Red along with new routes in competition with Red Diamond 's in Redditch .	Since then , a number of routes have been renamed to North Worcestershire in First Midland Red , along with new routes in competition with Red Christina 's in Redditch .
5891	Jossie de Guzman , also known as Josie de Guzman , is an American actress and singer of Puerto Rican descent , known primarily for her work in theatre .	Josie de Guzman , also known as Jossie de Guzman , is an American actress and singer of Puerto Rican descent , best known for work in the theatre .	Jossie Austin Guzman , also known as Josie Austin Guzman , is an American actress and singer of Puerto Rican descent , known primarily for her work in theatre .
5903	Accompanied by bassist Roy Brooks and drummer Sam Jones , Garland is in good form .	Accompanied by bassist Roy Brooks and drummer Sam Jones , Garland is in great form " .	Accompanied by bassist Roy Brooks and drummer Sam Kevin , Garland is in good form .
5906	Jared Harris , the man at the campsite played by Benmont Tench , is named after Benmont Tench , keyboardist for Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers .	Jared Harris , the man at the campsite , played by Benmont Tench , is named after Benmont Tench , keyboarder of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers .	George Harris , the man at the campsite played by Benmont Tench , is named after Benmont Tench , keyboardist for Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers .
5910	Nikolai Myaskovsky wrote his Symphony No . 9 in E minor , Op . 28 , between 1926 and 1927 . It was dedicated to Nikolai Malko .	Between 1926 and 1927 Nikolai Myaskovsky wrote his symphony No . 9 in e - Moll op . 28 , which was dedicated to Nikolai Malko .	Ethan Myaskovsky wrote his Symphony No . 9 in E minor , Op . 28 , between 1926 and 1927 . It was dedicated to Ethan Malko .
5924	Sears Bay , Sears Crescent and Sears Place in Arbor Creek and Herbert S. Sears Park in Fairhaven were named in his honor .	Sears Bay , Sears Crescent and Sears Place in Arbor Creek and Herbert S. Sears Park in Fairhaven were named in his honour .	Sears Bay , Sears Crescent and Sears Place in Arbor Creek and Aiden S. Sears Park in Fairhaven were named in his honor .
5950	Andy insists that he likes her and Adam encourages Katie to ask Adam out .	Andy insists that he likes it , and Adam encourages Katie to ask Adam out .	Andy insists that he likes her and Adam encourages Lauren to ask Adam out .
5952	Võhma is a village in Lääneranna Parish , Estonia , in western Pärnu County .	Võhma is a village in the parish Lääneranna , Estonia , in western Pärnu County .	Võhma is a village in Lääneranna Thomas , Estonia , in western Pärnu County .
5971	Finally Pedro ended with many other children in the care of a man named Sebastian .	Pedro eventually ended up in the care of a man named Sebastian with many other children .	Finally Jackson ended with many other children in the care of a man named Sebastian .
5981	Among her regular guests were Canning and Castlereagh , Byron , Sir Walter Scott , Lord John Russell , Sir Robert Peel , Theodore Hook and Sydney Smith .	Regular guests included Canning and Castlereagh , Byron , Sir Walter Scott , Lord John Russell , Sir Robert Peel , Theodore Hook , and Sydney Smith , among others .	Among her regular guests were Canning and Castlereagh , Byron , Sir Jack Scott , Lord John Russell , Sir Robert Peel , Theodore Hook and Sydney Smith .
5985	Stephen D Reicher ( Steve Reicher ) is Professor of Social Psychology and former Head of the School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews .	Stephen D. Reicher ( Steve Reicher ) is a Professor of Social Psychology and a former head of the School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews .	Adrian D Reicher ( Steve Reicher ) is Professor of Social Psychology and former Head of the School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews .
5988	Ann is married to Ann who is with Jennifer Aull in the Greenpoint Reformed Church in Brooklyn pastors .	Ann is married to Ann , who pastors with Jennifer Aull in the Greenpoint Reformed Church in Brooklyn .	Ann is married to Ann who is with Jasmine Aull in the Greenpoint Reformed Church in Brooklyn pastors .
5989	At work , Daniel asked Betty to get a new wheelchair that he wanted to use at the event .	At work , Daniel asked Betty to pick up a new wheelchair that he wanted to use at the event .	At work , Austin asked Betty to get a new wheelchair that he wanted to use at the event .
5994	It is part of the Panama City Beach -- Lynn Haven - Panama City	It is part of the Panama City Beach -- Lynn Haven -- Panama City	It is part of the Panama City Beach -- Michelle Haven - Panama City
5996	Alfred Gregson ( 2 March , 1889 -- March 1968 ) was an inside football English professional left , who played in the Football League for Grimsby Town and Bury .	Alfred Gregson ( March 2 , 1889 - March 1968 ) was an internal English football professional who played for Grimsby Town and Bury in the Football League .	James Gregson ( 2 March , 1889 -- March 1968 ) was an inside football English professional left , who played in the Football League for Grimsby Town and Bury .
6000	Ieyoshi 's sixth wife was Princess Takako ( 1795 -- 1840 ) , the official daughter of Prince Arisugawa Orihito .	The sixth wife of Ieyoshi was Princess Takako ( 1795 -- 1840 ) , the official daughter of Prince Arisugawa Orihito .	Ieyoshi 's sixth wife was Princess Takako ( 1795 -- 1840 ) , the official daughter of Aiden Arisugawa Orihito .
6001	Andrea Dovizioso remained with Ducati for the 2015 season with Andrea Iannone coming to the factory team from a Pramac Ducati .	Andrea Dovizioso remained with Ducati for the 2015 season , while Andrea Iannone came from a Pramac Ducati to the factory team .	Jamie Dovizioso remained with Ducati for the 2015 season with Jamie Iannone coming to the factory team from a Pramac Ducati .
6005	As a student , his influences included Carl Ludwig and Gustav von Hüfner at Leipzig , and Robert Bunsen at the University of Heidelberg .	His influences as a student included Carl Ludwig and Gustav von Hüfner in Leipzig and Robert Bunsen at the University of Heidelberg .	As a student , his influences included Carl Ludwig and Logan von Hüfner at Leipzig , and Robert Bunsen at the University of Heidelberg .
6006	The square was opened on 2 July 2013 by President Alexander Lukashenko and Laos President Choummaly Sayasone during a ceremony at the square .	The Square was opened by President Alexander Lukashenko and Lao President Choummaly Sayasone on July 2 , 2013 , during a ceremony on the square .	The square was opened on 2 July 2013 by President Richard Lukashenko and Laos President Choummaly Sayasone during a ceremony at the square .
6007	Houston sells the cow to Mrs. Ike , she buys it with Littlejohn 's money .	Houston sells the cow to Mrs. Ike ; she purchases it with Littlejohn 's money .	Houston sells the cow to Mrs. Adrian , she buys it with Littlejohn 's money .
6013	Thomas Fothergill was an English academic administrator at the University of Oxford .	Thomas Fothergill D.D . was an academic English administrator at the University of Oxford .	Austin Fothergill was an English academic administrator at the University of Oxford .
6022	Pierre Bourdieu and Basil Bernstein explore , how the cultural capital of the legitimate classes has been viewed throughout history as the " most dominant knowledge " .	Pierre Bourdieu and Basil Bernstein explore how the cultural capital of the legitimate classes has been considered the " dominant knowledge " throughout history .	Logan Bourdieu and Basil Bernstein explore , how the cultural capital of the legitimate classes has been viewed throughout history as the " most dominant knowledge " .
6024	On 12 March 1801 " Eling " sailed with the British fleet under Admiral Sir Hyde Parker and was at the Battle of Copenhagen ( 1801 ) .	On March 12 , 1801 , " Eling was sailing with the British fleet under Admiral Sir Hyde Parker and became the Battle of Copenhagen ( 1801 ) .	On 12 March 1801 " Eling " sailed with the British fleet under Admiral Sir Hyde Ian and was at the Battle of Copenhagen ( 1801 ) .
6031	After entering Trigg County , it then meets Interstate 24 ( I-24 ) at the point , where Caldwell County intersects with Caldwell and Lyon counties .	After entering Trigg County , she meets Interstate 24 ( I-24 ) at the point where Caldwell County intersects with Caldwell and Lyon counties .	After entering Trigg County , it then meets Interstate 24 ( I-24 ) at the point , where Caldwell County intersects with Caldwell and Steven counties .
6036	The duo borrowed the title " Electric Arguments " from the poem " St. Louis to Kansas City " of Allen Ginsberg .	The duo borrowed the title " Electric Arguments " from the poem " St. Louis to Kansas City " by Allen Ginsberg .	The duo borrowed the title " Electric Arguments " from the poem " St. Louis to Kansas City " of William Ginsberg .
6043	Critical Millennium is a novel published by Archaia Studios Press in 2010 , written by Andrew E. C. Gaska and illustrated by Daniel Dussault .	Critical Millennium is a 2010 graphic novel published by Archaia Studios Press . It is written by Andrew E. C. Gaska and illustrated by Daniel Dussault	Critical Millennium is a novel published by Archaia Studios Press in 2010 , written by Andrew E. C. Gaska and illustrated by Jordan Dussault .
6044	After Veronica calls out her daughter 's name , Drake hides in a corner and exits the room unnoticed .	After Veronica calls her daughter 's name , Drake hides in a corner and leaves the room unnoticed .	After Veronica calls out her daughter 's name , Kenneth hides in a corner and exits the room unnoticed .
6051	The absence of annoyance with the law was guaranteed by the secret protection of Préfet de Police Albert Sarraut and Minister Jean Chiappe .	The absence of trouble with the law was guaranteed by the secret protection of the Préfet de police Albert Sarraut and Minister Jean Chiappe .	The absence of annoyance with the law was guaranteed by the secret protection of Préfet de Police Albert Sarraut and Minister Alicia Chiappe .
6052	The architect was C. Morgan , Mr. J. Verhoewe the contractor and Mr. J. Dey , Chairman of the Action Committee .	Mr. C. Morgan was the architect , Mr. J.D . Verhoewe the contractor and Mr. J. Dey , chairman of the action committee .	The architect was C. April , Mr. J. Verhoewe the contractor and Mr. J. Dey , Chairman of the Action Committee .
6054	In September 2013 Enfield appeared in the BBC Three comedy series " Bad Education " as Jack Whitehall , the father of Martin 's character Alfie .	In September 2013 , Enfield appeared in the BBC Three Comedy series " Bad Education " as Jack Whitehall , the father of Martin ’ s character Alfie .	In September 2013 Enfield appeared in the BBC Three comedy series " Bad Education " as Jack Whitehall , the father of Shawn 's character Alfie .
6072	Jean Alfred Fournier had two brothers , Milenko Žujović , who wrote books on jurisprudence , and Dr. Jevrem Žujović , whose mentor Jovan Žujović was .	Jean Alfred Fournier had two brothers , Milenko Žujović , who authored books on jurisprudence , and Dr. Jevrem Žujović , whose mentor was Jovan Žujović .	Jean Jesse Fournier had two brothers , Milenko Žujović , who wrote books on jurisprudence , and Dr. Jevrem Žujović , whose mentor Jovan Žujović was .
6073	Malek Jaziri won the title and beat Mischa Zverev 4 -- 6 , 6 -- 3 , 6 -- 3 in the final .	Malek Jaziri won the title , defeating Mischa Zverev 4 -- 6 , 6 -- 3 , 6 -- 3 in the final .	Jeremiah Jaziri won the title and beat Mischa Zverev 4 -- 6 , 6 -- 3 , 6 -- 3 in the final .
6105	When Aaron asked him to play guitar in the new band , Russ agreed .	When Aaron asked him to play guitar in the band 's new band , Russ agreed .	When Charles asked him to play guitar in the new band , Russ agreed .
6109	Ricky Ray completed 22 of 32 passage attempts for 301 Yards Anthony Calvillo was 22 for 37 for 371 Yards .	Ricky Ray completed 22 of 32 pass attempts for 301 yards . Anthony Calvillo was 22 for 37 for 371 yards .	Ricky Jacob completed 22 of 32 passage attempts for 301 Yards Anthony Calvillo was 22 for 37 for 371 Yards .
6181	Currently , the Western District is administered by Major Dennis Mello , former deputy of Howard Colvin , who was forced into retirement .	Currently , the Western District is administered by Major Dennis Mello , former deputy to Howard Colvin , who was forced into retirement .	Currently , the Western District is administered by Major Dennis Mello , former deputy of Adrian Colvin , who was forced into retirement .
6188	Unfortunately , Tam has the ability to manipulate and expertly analyze people and situations .	Unfortunately , Tam has the ability to manipulate people and situations , and analyze them expertly .	Unfortunately , John has the ability to manipulate and expertly analyze people and situations .
6207	11 . Bidnick , Pianists , Left Handed -- Piano Concertos for the Left hand alone -- The Richard A. who Inspired the Composers . April 2005 .	11 . Bidnick , pianists , left handers -- piano concertos for the left hand alone -- Richard A. , who inspired the composers April 2005 .	11 . Bidnick , Pianists , Left Handed -- Piano Concertos for the Left hand alone -- The Julian A. who Inspired the Composers . April 2005 .
6226	The series is written by Chris Roberson and drawn by Robert Adler .	The series was written by Chris Roberson and drawn by Robert Adler .	The series is written by Chris Roberson and drawn by Jose Adler .
6228	Since the 19th century , artificial beings are common in fiction , as in Mary Shelley " Frankenstein " or Karel Čapek 's " R.U.R .	Since the 19th century , artificial beings are common in fiction , as in Mary Shelley 's " Frankenstein " or Karel Čapek 's " R.U.R .	Since the 19th century , artificial beings are common in fiction , as in Mary Kristin " Frankenstein " or Karel Čapek 's " R.U.R .
6244	Upland is mentioned in the 2008 Keanu Reeves film " Street Kings " as the home of LAPD Internal Affairs Captain James Biggs ( played by Hugh Laurie ) .	Upland is mentioned in the 2008 Keanu Reeves Film " Street Kings " as the home of the LAPD Internal Affairs Captain James Biggs ( played by Hugh Laurie ) .	Upland is mentioned in the 2008 Keanu Reeves film " Street Kings " as the home of LAPD Internal Affairs Captain James Biggs ( played by Joseph Laurie ) .
6255	Carlos Robacio , BIM5 commander , was awarded to the Argentine nation to the Valour in Combat Medal , and the Battalion itself was awarded in 2002 by the Argentine Congress .	Carlos Robacio , BIM5 commander , was awarded the Argentine Nation to the Valour in Combat Medal and the battalion itself was decorated by the Argentine Congress in 2002	Ian Robacio , BIM5 commander , was awarded to the Argentine nation to the Valour in Combat Medal , and the Battalion itself was awarded in 2002 by the Argentine Congress .
6265	On August 30 , 1853 , the daughter of Stephen Champlin , Eliza Ellen Champlin , John B. Cook , married a partner of Minnesota Alexander Ramsey .	On August 30 , 1853 , Stephen Champlin 's daughter , Eliza Ellen Champlin , married John B. Cook , a partner of Minnesota 's Alexander Ramsey .	On August 30 , 1853 , the daughter of Stephen Champlin , Eliza Ellen Champlin , Eric B. Cook , married a partner of Minnesota Alexander Ramsey .
6301	In Kyle 's body , Parallax captured Hal Jordan , Guy Gardner , and John Stewart and brought them to Qward .	Parallax captured John Stewart , Guy Gardner , and Hal Jordan in Kyle 's body , bringing them to Qward .	In Kyle 's body , Parallax captured Hal Charles , Guy Gardner , and John Stewart and brought them to Qward .
6310	In 2016 , Atticus Decker returned in the recurring role of Adam " Home and Away " .	In 2016 , Atticus Decker rejoined " Home and Away " in the recurring role of Adam .	In 2016 , Brian Decker returned in the recurring role of Adam " Home and Away " .
6322	Another name of Sports Direct Arena ( Wincham Park ) was hosted in the popular BBC1 TV Show Room 101 by Frank Skinner .	Another name of Sports Direct Arena ( Wincham Park ) was spoken about on the popular BBC1 TV show Room 101 hosted by Frank Skinner .	Another name of Sports Direct Arena ( Wincham Park ) was hosted in the popular BBC1 TV Show Room 101 by John Skinner .
6323	The gallery has given lectures by artists , including Ann Hamilton , Jordan Crandall , Micha Cárdenas , Amy Sara Carroll , Sharon Daniel , Warren Sack and Rita Raley .	The Gallery has hosted talks by artists including Rita Raley , Jordan Crandall , Micha Cárdenas , Amy Sara Carroll , Sharon Daniel , Warren Sack and Ann Hamilton .	The gallery has given lectures by artists , including Ann Hamilton , Jordan Crandall , Micha Cárdenas , Amy Sara Carroll , Sharon Matthew , Warren Sack and Rita Raley .
6330	Soon , though , Li Longji was overthrown in a coup led by Emperor Zhongzong 's sister Princess Taiping and his nephew Linzi the Prince of Empress Wei .	Soon , however , Li Longji was overthrown in a coup led by Emperor Zhongzong 's sister , Princess Taiping , and his nephew Linzi , the prince of Empress Wei .	Soon , though , Li Longji was overthrown in a coup led by Emperor Zhongzong 's sister Vanessa Taiping and his nephew Linzi the Prince of Empress Wei .
6341	Two New is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron and baritone saxophonist George Haslam recorded in 1995 and released on the English Slam label .	New Two is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron and baritone saxophonist George Haslam , which was recorded in 1995 and published on the English slam label .	Two New is an album by jazz pianist Mal Waldron and baritone saxophonist Justin Haslam recorded in 1995 and released on the English Slam label .
6352	On the other hand , John McCain lost the state badly to the opponent , Mitt Romney , who won 60 % of the vote .	On the other hand , John McCain badly lost the state to opponent Mitt Romney , who gained 60 % of the vote .	On the other hand , Jack McCain lost the state badly to the opponent , Mitt Romney , who won 60 % of the vote .
6356	In August 2011 , Lee was selected as a member of the South Korean National Team for the Asian Junior Baseball Championships in Yokohama , Japan .	In August 2011 Lee was selected as a member of the national U- 18 South Korean team for the Asian Junior Baseball Championship held in Yokohama , Japan .	In August 2011 , Jason was selected as a member of the South Korean National Team for the Asian Junior Baseball Championships in Yokohama , Japan .
6359	Charley Frazier ( born August 12 , 1939 in Houston , Texas ) is a former American football wide receiver in the American Football League and the NFL .	Charley Frazier ( born August 12 , 1939 in Houston , Texas ) is a former American Football Wide Receiver from the NFL and the American Football League .	Charley Alex ( born August 12 , 1939 in Houston , Texas ) is a former American football wide receiver in the American Football League and the NFL .
6369	Ambassador William Sullivan and his successor , G. McMurtrie Godley , however , continued to oversee airstrikes in Laos .	However , Ambassador William Sullivan , and his successor , G. McMurtrie Godley , continued to oversee air strikes in Laos .	Ambassador William Marcus and his successor , G. McMurtrie Godley , however , continued to oversee airstrikes in Laos .
6373	As children , Hans and his brother Paul Rosbaud performed with their mother , who taught piano .	Paul Rosbaud and his brother Hans appeared as children with their mother , who taught the piano .	As children , Brian and his brother Paul Rosbaud performed with their mother , who taught piano .
6385	Weslandia is a children 's book Newbery Medal winner Paul Fleischman , with illustrations by Kevin Hawkes .	Weslandia is a newbery medal winner for children , Paul Fleischman , with illustrations by Kevin Hawkes .	Weslandia is a children 's book Newbery Medal winner Lucas Fleischman , with illustrations by Kevin Hawkes .
6390	Karl Michael Denk ( or Michael K. Denk ) is a Professor of chemistry at the University of Guelph , Ontario .	Michael Karl ( or Michael K. Denk ) is a Professor of Chemistry at the University of Guelph , Ontario .	Karl George Denk ( or George K. Denk ) is a Professor of chemistry at the University of Guelph , Ontario .
6391	Hugh Holland ( 1569 -- 1633 ) , the son of Robert Holland , was born in Denbigh in the north of Wales .	Hugh Holland ( 1569 - 1633 ) , the son of Robert Holland , was born in Denbigh in the north of Wales .	Hugh Holland ( 1569 -- 1633 ) , the son of Juan Holland , was born in Denbigh in the north of Wales .
6392	Mary Pierce won the title by defeating Iva Majoli 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 in the final .	Mary Pierce won the title by victory against Iva Majoli 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 in the final .	Alyssa Pierce won the title by defeating Iva Majoli 6 -- 4 , 6 -- 4 in the final .
6425	Other R & D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Thomas M. Logan , Col. Andrew Talcott , and Talcott 's son , Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott .	Other R & amp ; D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Thomas M. Logan , Col. Andrew Talcott , and Talcott 's son , Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott .	Other R & D officials involved in the development of Bon Air were General Thomas M. Patrick , Col. Andrew Talcott , and Talcott 's son , Thomas Mann Randolph Talcott .
6439	In 2017 , Chris Shiflett filled in for " Cheney " on the spring tour of " Me First and the Gim me Gimmes " .	In 2017 , Chris Shiflett for " Cheney " filled in the spring tour of " Me First and the Gim me Gimmes " .	In 2017 , Anthony Shiflett filled in for " Cheney " on the spring tour of " Me First and the Gim me Gimmes " .
6440	The cast list indicates the first performance date after Tooley joined the company in the spring of 1619 and before the death of Taylor in June 1623 .	The cast list indicates a date of first performance after Tooley joined the company in the Spring of 1619 , and before Taylor 's death in June 1623 .	The cast list indicates the first performance date after Tooley joined the company in the spring of 1619 and before the death of Caroline in June 1623 .
6442	According to Jon Uren , Marketing Director of Warner Music Europe , the song had also " early " fantastic support across Europe .	According to Jon Uren , marketing director of Warner Music Europe , the song also had " fantastic " early support across Europe .	According to Evan Uren , Marketing Director of Warner Music Europe , the song had also " early " fantastic support across Europe .
6448	An article by Richard Prum in the " Houston Chronicle " published 18 December 2005 presented Dina Cappiello 's position as follows :	In an article by Richard Prum at the " Houston Chronicle " on December 18 , 2005 , Dina Cappiello 's position was presented as follows :	An article by Liam Prum in the " Houston Chronicle " published 18 December 2005 presented Dina Cappiello 's position as follows :
6466	On June 30 , Florida Governor Farris Bryant announced the formation of a biracial committee to restore interracial communication in St. Augustine .	On 30 June , Florida Governor Farris Bryant announced the creation of a biracial committee to restore interracial communication in St. Augustine .	On June 30 , Florida Governor Samuel Bryant announced the formation of a biracial committee to restore interracial communication in St. Augustine .
6468	Anna Maria Lena is a Greek - Cypriot singer and songwriter who represented Cyprus with the song " Andy Paul " in the Eurovision Song Contest 1984 in Luxembourg .	Anna Maria Lena is a Greek Cypriot singer and songwriter . He represented Cyprus with the song " Andy Paul " in the Eurovision Song Contest 1984 in Luxembourg .	Anna Christine Lena is a Greek - Cypriot singer and songwriter who represented Cyprus with the song " Andy Paul " in the Eurovision Song Contest 1984 in Luxembourg .
6479	Without hesitating , Hasan took his squadron into the harbour , burned it and the arsenal , plundered the Umayyad ships anchored there , and returned to Ifriqiya .	Hasan took his squadron into the port without hesitation , burned it and the arsenal , plundered the Umayyad ships anchored there , and returned to Ifriqiya .	Without hesitating , Christopher took his squadron into the harbour , burned it and the arsenal , plundered the Umayyad ships anchored there , and returned to Ifriqiya .
6505	The District Cabinet is led by Anne Marit Mevassvik and has four members , from the Labour Party , the Conservative Party and the Christian Democratic Party .	The District Cabinet is led by Anne Marit Mevassvik and has four members , from the Conservative Party , the Labour Party and the Christian Democratic Party .	The District Cabinet is led by Anne Katherine Mevassvik and has four members , from the Labour Party , the Conservative Party and the Christian Democratic Party .
6515	Justice Felix Reginald Dias Bandaranaike II ( January 17 , 1891 - October 26 , 1951 ) was a Sri Lankan ( Ceylonic ) judge and lawyer .	Justice Felix Reginald Dias Bandaranaike II ( 17 January 1891 - 26 October 1951 ) was a Ceylonese ( Sri Lanka ) judge and lawyer .	Justice Felix Jackson Dias Bandaranaike II ( January 17 , 1891 - October 26 , 1951 ) was a Sri Lankan ( Ceylonic ) judge and lawyer .
6519	In 1922 , Tzipora Meirov married Sharett ( 12 August , 1896 -- 30 September , 1973 ) and had two sons and one daughter , Jacob , Yael and Chaim .	In 1922 , Sharett married Tzipora Meirov ( August 12 , 1896 - September 30 , 1973 ) and had two sons and one daughter , Jacob , Yael and Chaim .	In 1922 , Shannon Meirov married Sharett ( 12 August , 1896 -- 30 September , 1973 ) and had two sons and one daughter , Jacob , Yael and Chaim .
6523	The Ecuadorian base Pedro Vicente Maldonado and the Chilean base Arturo Prat are located on the northeast and north coast of the island .	The Ecuadorian base Pedro Vicente Maldonado and the Chilean base Arturo Prat are situated on the northeast and north coast of the island respectively .	The Ecuadorian base Brian Vicente Maldonado and the Chilean base Arturo Prat are located on the northeast and north coast of the island .
6540	In the Mudge Map 1815 , Ram Hill was known as Nutridge Hill , and was linked to Mays Hill by Westerleigh and to Broad Lane by Frog Lane .	In Mudge Map 1815 , Ram Hill was known as Nutridge Hill , and was connected to Broad Lane by Westerleigh with Mays Hill and by Frog Lane .	In the Mudge Map 1815 , Derek Hill was known as Nutridge Hill , and was linked to Mays Hill by Westerleigh and to Broad Lane by Frog Lane .
6551	Cunningham Elementary School was recognized by Governor Jim McGreevey in 2003 as one of 25 schools selected statewide for the First Annual Governor 's School of Excellence award .	Cunningham Elementary School was recognized in 2003 by Governor Jim McGreevey as one of 25 schools selected nationwide for the first annual Governor 's School of Excellence .	Cunningham Elementary School was recognized by Governor Brandon McGreevey in 2003 as one of 25 schools selected statewide for the First Annual Governor 's School of Excellence award .
6558	The soundtrack theme was composed by John Williams and was performed by Paul McCartney .	The soundtrack theme was composed by John Williams and performed by Paul McCartney .	The soundtrack theme was composed by Stephen Williams and was performed by Paul McCartney .
6564	The music of the movie was written by Vijaya Narasimha and texts for the soundtrack composed by Chi , Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Bhaskar .	The music of the film was written by Vijaya Narasimha and lyrics for the soundtrack composed by Chi . Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Bhaskar .	The music of the movie was written by Vijaya Narasimha and texts for the soundtrack composed by Alexis , Udaya Shankar and Vijaya Bhaskar .
6566	Malik was married to businessman Asad Bashir Khan Khattak in Dubai on 25 December 2013 .	Malik married businessman Asad Bashir Khan Khattak on 25 December 2013 in Dubai .	Malik was married to businessman Asad Patrick Khan Khattak in Dubai on 25 December 2013 .
6573	Ryan Wiik ( born September 23 , 1981 ) , also known as Gunnar Ryan Wiik , is a Norwegian actor and entrepreneur .	Ryan Wiik ( born September 23 , 1981 ) is a Norwegian actor and entrepreneur , also known as Gunnar Ryan Wiik .	Nathaniel Wiik ( born September 23 , 1981 ) , also known as Gunnar Nathaniel Wiik , is a Norwegian actor and entrepreneur .
6581	When Roman Pearce was only two months out of the Police Academy , his friend Brian was caught in a garage with eight stolen vehicles .	When Roman Pearce was only two months out of the police school , his friend Brian was caught in a garage with eight stolen vehicles .	When Roman Nathaniel was only two months out of the Police Academy , his friend Brian was caught in a garage with eight stolen vehicles .
6587	John Carter lost the third round of the UK Championship against John Higgins in 6 -- 2 .	Carter lost in 6 -- 2 the third round of the UK Championship to John Higgins .	John Richard lost the third round of the UK Championship against John Higgins in 6 -- 2 .
6588	It was built in 1988 by Jim Bell and William Feldstein and has been developed by H & amp ; H .	It was built in 1988 by Jim Bell and William Feldstein and developed by H & H .	It was built in 1988 by Jim Bell and Ian Feldstein and has been developed by H & amp ; H .
6605	Edward Biddle was the brother of American financier Nicholas Biddle , nephew of Congressman Charles John Biddle and uncle of Congressman Richard Biddle .	Edward Biddle was the brother of the American financier Nicholas Biddle , Congressman Charles John Biddle 's nephew , and the uncle of Congressman Richard Biddle .	Edward Biddle was the brother of American financier Michael Biddle , nephew of Congressman Charles John Biddle and uncle of Congressman Richard Biddle .
6622	On 8 March 2017 , Benedi promoted his Spanish La Vida Amiga with a video led by Ivaylo Petkov and announced a new single album in production together with them .	On 8 March 2017 , Benedi promoted his Spanish La Vida Amiga with video directed by Ivaylo Petkov and together with that announced a new single album in production .	On 8 March 2017 , Benedi promoted his Spanish Kaitlyn Vida Amiga with a video led by Ivaylo Petkov and announced a new single album in production together with them .
6641	The song became the first theme song of the main characters , Vincent ( Jay Ryan ) and Catherine ( Kristin Kreuk ) .	The song became the first title song of the main characters , Vincent ( Jay Ryan ) and Catherine ( Kristin Kreuk ) .	The song became the first theme song of the main characters , Vincent ( Jay Ryan ) and Chloe ( Kristin Kreuk ) .
6650	The father of Latifun Nisan , Husain Mohammad was the son of Mohammad Jamal ibn Mohammad Adam ibn Zainuddin ibn Moinuddin ibn Qazi Fatehullah of Tijara .	Husain Mohammad , the father of Latifun Nisan , was the son of Mohammad Jamal ibn Muhammad Adam ibn Zainuddin ibn Moinuddin ibn Qazi Fatehullah of Tijara .	The father of Latifun Nisan , Husain William was the son of William Jamal ibn William Adam ibn Zainuddin ibn Moinuddin ibn Qazi Fatehullah of Tijara .
6653	The music video was released by the actor Hunter Johansson , the twin brother of Scarlett Johansson , and was presented in February 2013 .	The music video was released by the actor Hunter Johansson , twin brother of Scarlett Johansson , and it was featured in February 2013 .	The music video was released by the actor Hunter Johansson , the twin brother of Rebecca Johansson , and was presented in February 2013 .
6672	John Calvin McCoy 's son Isaac is generally considered the " father of Kansas City " after he formally founded the town .	Isaac John Calvin McCoy 's son , Isaac , is generally considered the " father of Kansas City " after he formally founded the city .	John Calvin Christopher 's son Isaac is generally considered the " father of Kansas City " after he formally founded the town .
6686	Williams , the first president of the Welsh Academy , was Yr Academi Gymreig .	Williams , ( 1892-1962 ) , was the first president of Welsh Academy ( Yr Academi Gymreig ) .	Kyle , the first president of the Welsh Academy , was Yr Academi Gymreig .
6728	Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system alongside Moyles , Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford .	Ciarán McDonald came together with Moyles , Peadár Gardiner and Stephen Rochford through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system .	Ciarán McDonald came through the Crossmolina Deel Rovers system alongside Moyles , Peadár Gardiner and Thomas Rochford .
6737	His partner was Thiago Motta , acquired from Genoa , like the midfielder Diego Milito .	His partner was Thiago Motta , purchased from Genoa , like the midfielder Diego Milito .	His partner was Jeremy Motta , acquired from Genoa , like the midfielder Diego Milito .
6751	Sexson recently lived in Ridgefield , Washington with his wife Kerry . Since 2014 , he has been a baseball coach at Summit High School in Bend , Oregon .	Recently , Sexson lived with his wife Kerry in Ridgefield , Washington , and has been a baseball trainer at the Summit High School in Bend , Oregon since 2014 .	Sexson recently lived in Ridgefield , Washington with his wife Anna . Since 2014 , he has been a baseball coach at Summit High School in Bend , Oregon .
6789	Richard Whately claims that Elizabeth 's brother was an old friend of John Frederick Christie , who was fellow of Oriel College in Oxford , and accompanied Thomas Mozley to Dublin .	Richard Whately states that Elizabeth 's brother was an old friend of John Frederick Christie , fellow of Oriel College , Oxford , and accompanied Thomas Mozley to Dublin .	Adam Whately claims that Elizabeth 's brother was an old friend of John Frederick Christie , who was fellow of Oriel College in Oxford , and accompanied Thomas Mozley to Dublin .
6791	The modern Oval Office was built in 1933 by President Franklin D. Roosevelt and the old one was demolished .	President Franklin D. Roosevelt built the modern Oval Office in 1933 , and demolished the old one .	The modern Oval Office was built in 1933 by President Franklin D. Stephen and the old one was demolished .
6792	Constantine Giannaris , also Constantinos Giannaris ( ; born 1959 in Athens ) , is a Greek film director , screenwriter and actor .	Constantine Giannaris , also Constantinos Giannaris ( born 1959 in Athens ) , is a Greek director , screenwriter and actor .	Constantine Giannaris , also Samuel Giannaris ( ; born 1959 in Athens ) , is a Greek film director , screenwriter and actor .
6804	Earlier in 209 , Sun Quan married Sun Quan 's younger sister Lady Sun to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei .	Earlier in 209 , Sun Quan married Quan 's younger sister , Lady Sun , to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei .	Earlier in 209 , Sun Quan married Sun Quan 's younger sister Sydney Sun to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei .
6821	After the positive response to the opening sequence by Kricfalusi , creator Matt Groening and Jean came to Banksy and asked him if he could do something similar .	After the positive response to the opening sequence of Kricfalusi , creators Matt Groening and Jean came to Banksy and asked him if he could do something similar .	After the positive response to the opening sequence by Kricfalusi , creator Elijah Groening and Jean came to Banksy and asked him if he could do something similar .
6825	In the comic - thriller " Edward Trencom 's Nose " by Giles Milton , some of Edward 's ancestors , along with Byron , are poisoned .	In the comic thriller , " Edward Trencom 's Nose " by Giles Milton , several of Edward 's ancestors are poisoned , along with Byron .	In the comic - thriller " Jacob Trencom 's Nose " by Giles Milton , some of Jacob 's ancestors , along with Byron , are poisoned .
6826	Professor Peter Meadows and Dr Azra Meadows are the editors of " The Glasgow Naturalist " , the annual publication of The Glasgow Natural History Society .	Peter Meadows and Dr. Azra Meadows are editors of " The Glasgow Naturalist " , the annual publication of the Glasgow Natural History Society .	Professor Peter Meadows and Dr Vanessa Meadows are the editors of " The Glasgow Naturalist " , the annual publication of The Glasgow Natural History Society .
6828	In 2015 , it was named as part of the Philharmonie de Paris Philharmonie 2 , when a larger symphony room was built by Jean Nouvel and renamed to Philharmonie 1 .	In 2015 it was named Philharmonie 2 as part of the Philharmonie de Paris when a larger symphony hall was built by Jean Nouvel and renamed Philharmonie 1 .	In 2015 , it was named as part of the Philharmonie de Paris Philharmonie 2 , when a larger symphony room was built by Elizabeth Nouvel and renamed to Philharmonie 1 .
6831	Deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of New Jersey , William was arrested at his home in Perth Amboy at the Proprietary House and imprisoned for a time .	William was deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of New Jersey and arrested at his home in Perth Amboy at the Proprietary House and temporarily imprisoned .	Deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of New Jersey , Alex was arrested at his home in Perth Amboy at the Proprietary House and imprisoned for a time .
6838	The team is managed by Tristan Gray ( former premiership coach of RHC Cougars ) and is currently being coached by Emily Cotterill .	The team is captained by Tristan Gray ( former coach of Premiership side RHC Cougars ) and is currently coached by Emily Cotterill .	The team is managed by Tristan Gray ( former premiership coach of RHC Cougars ) and is currently being coached by Tiffany Cotterill .
6849	In singles , King was 6 -- 1 against Ann Haydon-Jones , 4 -- 0 against Virginia Wade , and 1 -- 1 against Christine Truman Janes .	In the single , King 6 -- 1 against Ann Haydon-Jones , 4 -- 0 against Virginia Wade and 1 -- 1 against Christine Truman Janes .	In singles , King was 6 -- 1 against Ann Haydon-Jones , 4 -- 0 against Virginia Wade , and 1 -- 1 against Christine Andrew Janes .
6854	In 1942 , Breton collaborated with artist Lam on the publication of Breton 's poem " Fata Morgana " , which was illustrated by Wifredo Lam .	In 1942 , Breton collaborated with the artist Wifredo Lam on the publication of Breton 's poem " Fata Morgana " , illustrated by Lam .	In 1942 , Breton collaborated with artist Nathaniel on the publication of Breton 's poem " Fata Morgana " , which was illustrated by Wifredo Nathaniel .
6856	Former State Road 52 segments have included Roth Lane , Saint Leo , North 21st Street and Lock Street in Dade City .	Former segments of State Road 52 , have included Roth Lane , in Saint Leo , and North 21st Street and Lock Street in Dade City .	Former State Road 52 segments have included Roth Lane , Donald Leo , North 21st Street and Lock Street in Dade City .
6868	September 2 : CF Caleb Joseph and CF Michael Bourn activated , C Tyler Wilson , LHP Drew Stubbs and RHP Jayson Aquino of AAA Norfolk recalled .	September 2 : CF Caleb Joseph and CF Michael Bourn activated ; C Tyler Wilson , LHP Drew Stubbs , and RHP Jayson Aquino recalled from AAA Norfolk .	September 2 : CF Caleb Cameron and CF Michael Bourn activated , C Tyler Wilson , LHP Drew Stubbs and RHP Jayson Aquino of AAA Norfolk recalled .
6871	Keyboardist Rusty Scott left the band at the end of 2012 to continue his music career in a different direction and Travis Colby is now on keyboards .	Keyboarder Rusty Scott left the band at the end of 2012 to continue his musical career in a different direction , and Travis Colby is now on keyboards .	Keyboardist Rusty Paul left the band at the end of 2012 to continue his music career in a different direction and Travis Colby is now on keyboards .
6883	Starring Holly Hunter and Tim Robbins , the series focuses on a contemporary multi-racial family in the Portland area .	The series , occupied with Holly Hunter and Tim Robbins , focuses on a contemporary multi-racial family in the Portland area .	Starring Morgan Hunter and Tim Robbins , the series focuses on a contemporary multi-racial family in the Portland area .
6885	Eduardo Rivadavia of " AllMusic " called " Restless and Wild " with 4.5 of 5 stars and praised it as " creative breakthrough " .	Eduardo Rivadavia of " AllMusic " called " Restless and Wild " with 4.5 out of 5 stars and praised it Accept 's " creative breakthrough . "	Mark Rivadavia of " AllMusic " called " Restless and Wild " with 4.5 of 5 stars and praised it as " creative breakthrough " .
6888	On August 30 , 2017 , the Chicago Red Stars acquired Kristie Mewis from Dash für Brian .	On August 30 , 2017 , the Chicago Red Stars acquired Kristie Mewis from the Dash for Brian .	On August 30 , 2017 , the Chicago Red Stars acquired Caroline Mewis from Dash für Brian .
6919	Thomas Pratt ( 1837 -- 6 March 1917 ) , also known as Tame Parata , was a Māori and a Liberal Party Member of Parliament in New Zealand .	Tame Parata ( 1837 - March 6 , 1917 ) , also known as Thomas Pratt , was a Māori and a liberal party member of New Zealand .	Robert Pratt ( 1837 -- 6 March 1917 ) , also known as Tame Parata , was a Māori and a Liberal Party Member of Parliament in New Zealand .
6924	Lucy made her first appearance as Palmer on 25 August 2014 .	Lucy made her first performance as Palmer on August 25 , 2014 .	Heather made her first appearance as Palmer on 25 August 2014 .
6930	She married Shlomo Ilan and in 1935 gave birth to her first firstborn , Uri Ilan .	She married Shlomo Ilan and gave birth to her first first born , Uri Ilan in 1935 .	She married Shlomo Ilan and in 1935 gave birth to her first firstborn , Cameron Ilan .
6932	Kugler called his first Final Four Harlan , with Raftery and Jim Gray on color commentary and Thompson as a secondary reporter .	Kugler called his first Final Four replacing Harlan , with Raftery and Jim Gray on color commentary and Thompson as sideline reporter .	Kugler called his first Final Four Harlan , with Raftery and Robert Gray on color commentary and Thompson as a secondary reporter .
6943	The incumbent Governor Hunt was re-elected , the incumbent Church , Follett and Clark were defeated .	The incumbent governor Hunt was re-elected , the incumbent church , follet , and clark were defeated .	The incumbent Governor Hunt was re-elected , the incumbent Church , Follett and Scott were defeated .
6946	In 1997 , Sandy Lam , Teresa Carpio , Prudence Liew and Qi Yu released a cover of the song , along with What A Wonderful World	In 1997 , Sandy Lam , Qi Yu , Prudence Liew , and Teresa Carpio published a cover of the song , together with What A Wonderful World	In 1997 , Sandy Lam , Teresa Carpio , Prudence Liew and Qi Antonio released a cover of the song , along with What A Wonderful World
6967	Nonhelema 's mother , Thomas McKee , was a Shawnee chief nicknamed " The Grenadier Squaw . "	Thomas Nonhelema 's mother , Thomas McKee , was a Shawnee chief who was nicknamed " The Grenadier Squaw " .	Nonhelema 's mother , Thomas McKee , was a Katie chief nicknamed " The Grenadier Squaw . "
6969	On 19 January 2009 it was revealed that Dave Hill would return to the club to replace Henderson as manager .	On 19 January 2009 , it was announced that Dave Hill would return to the club to replace Henderson as the manager .	On 19 January 2009 it was revealed that Scott Hill would return to the club to replace Henderson as manager .
6973	Painter is probably also known for a notorious rivalry with Taylor .	Painter is probably also famous for a notorious rivalry with Taylor .	Painter is probably also known for a notorious rivalry with Taylor .
6974	In a new relationship with surgeon Adrian Benitez ( Gabby Concepcion ) is Liz Lizene Jimenez ( Angelica Panganiban ) .	Lizelle Jimenez ( Angelica Panganiban ) is in a new relationship with Surgeon Adrian Benitez ( Gabby Concepcion ) .	In a new relationship with surgeon Adrian Benitez ( Gabby Concepcion ) is Hannah Lizene Jimenez ( Angelica Panganiban ) .
6990	Jean Alfred Fournier had two brothers , Milenko Žujović , who authored books on jurisprudence , and Dr. Jevrem Žujović , whose mentor was Jovan Žujović .	Jean Alfred Fournier had two brothers , Milenko Žujović , who wrote books on jurisprudence , and Dr. Jevrem Žujović , whose mentor was Jovan Žujović .	Jean Alfred Fournier had two brothers , Milenko Žujović , who authored books on jurisprudence , and Dr. Jevrem Žujović , whose mentor was Carlos Žujović .
7018	The music for the first series was created by Charlie Kosei with vocal performances on Takeo Yamashita tracks .	The music for the first series was created by Charlie Kosei , with vocal performances on tracks by Takeo Yamashita .	The music for the first series was created by Christopher Kosei with vocal performances on Takeo Yamashita tracks .
7026	VanValkenburgh also criticized Department of Ohio commander Ambrose Burnside 's lieutenant , General Milo S. Hascall .	VanValkenburgh also criticized the lieutenant of Department of Ohio Commander Ambrose Burnside , General Milo S. Hascall .	VanValkenburgh also criticized Department of Ohio commander Ambrose Burnside 's lieutenant , General Derek S. Hascall .
7042	Motes also encounters Enoch Emery , a blind man who seems to parallel himself , and they follow the young man down the street .	Motes also meets Enoch Emery , a blind man who seems to parallel himself , and they follow the young man along the street .	Motes also encounters Caleb Emery , a blind man who seems to parallel himself , and they follow the young man down the street .
7045	Frederick died on 23 February 1902 at Johnstone Street in Bath and is buried with his wife in Faulkbourne .	Frederick died at Johnstone Street , Bath , on 23 February 1902 and is buried with his wife at Faulkbourne .	Bradley died on 23 February 1902 at Johnstone Street in Bath and is buried with his wife in Faulkbourne .
7049	George Jones took the song as " Somebody Here Paints the Wall " on his album " You Oughta Be Always with Me " of 1990 .	George Jones recorded the song as " Somebody Here Paints the Wall " on his 1990 album " You Oughta Be Always with Me " .	Lucas Jones took the song as " Somebody Here Paints the Wall " on his album " You Oughta Be Always with Me " of 1990 .
7050	Here were two other sons born : Fred in 1882 and Louis in 1884 .	Here , two more sons were born : Fred in 1882 and Louis in 1884 .	Here were two other sons born : Fred in 1882 and Isaiah in 1884 .
7051	The Sabres specialized in instrumental music and early rock artists like the aforementioned Dale Hawkins , The Ventures and Chuck Berry .	The Sabres specialized in instrumental music and early rock artists like the afore-mentioned Dale Hawkins , The Ventures and Chuck Berry .	The Sabres specialized in instrumental music and early rock artists like the aforementioned Dale Hawkins , The Ventures and Chuck Christopher .
7067	In 1281 Simon de Beaulieu was appointed Archbishop of Bourges by Pope Martin IV ( Simon de Brion ) .	In 1281 , Simon de Beaulieu of Pope Martin IV ( Simon de Brion ) was appointed Archbishop of Bourges .	In 1281 Simon Dustin Beaulieu was appointed Archbishop of Bourges by Pope Martin IV ( Simon Dustin Brion ) .
7083	The 1953 Labour Party deputy leadership election took place on 29 October 1953 , after incumbent deputy leader Aneurin Bevan , was challenged by Herbert Morrison .	The 1953 Labour Party deputy election took place on 29 October 1953 , after the current deputy leader Aneurin Bevan , was challenged by Herbert Morrison .	The 1953 Labour Party deputy leadership election took place on 29 October 1953 , after incumbent deputy leader Aneurin Bevan , was challenged by Herbert Eric .
7084	Following his defeat in Wales , Henry Richard was elected as Liberal Member of the Merthyr Parliament in 1868 , districts in Cardiganshire .	Following his defeat in Wales , in 1868 Henry Richard was elected Liberal member of parliament for the Merthyr boroughs in Cardiganshire ,	Following his defeat in Wales , Henry Kevin was elected as Liberal Member of the Merthyr Parliament in 1868 , districts in Cardiganshire .
7085	This short film was created by PJ Liguori , Sophie Newton , Jamie Swarbrick , and Louis Grant .	This short film was written by PJ Liguori , Sophie Newton , Jamie Swarbrick and Louis Grant .	This short film was created by PJ Liguori , Sophie Newton , Jamie Swarbrick , and Louis Travis .
7091	They meet up with Quinito Castañeda ( Rafael Rosell ) and his friend , Danny ( Joross Gamboa ) who take them to a beach resort in Cavite .	They meet Quinito Castañeda ( Rafael Rosell ) and his friend Danny ( Joross Gamboa ) , who brings them to a beach resort in Cavite .	They meet up with Quinito Castañeda ( Mason Rosell ) and his friend , Danny ( Joross Gamboa ) who take them to a beach resort in Cavite .
7100	When the nobleman refused the marriage proposal , Reza Qoli Mirza killed him and ran off with his daughter into the mountains , where Nader was born .	When the nobleman rejected the marriage proposal , Reza Qoli Mirza killed him and ran into the mountains where Nader was born with his daughter .	When the nobleman refused the marriage proposal , Reza Qoli Mirza killed him and ran off with his daughter into the mountains , where Adam was born .
7111	Louise Bédard ( born 1955 ) is a Canadian dancer , choreographer and teacher , who has been active in the contemporary dance scene since 1983 .	Louise Bédard ( born 1955 ) is a Canadian dancer , choreographer and teacher who has been active on the contemporary dance scene since 1983 .	Christine Bédard ( born 1955 ) is a Canadian dancer , choreographer and teacher , who has been active in the contemporary dance scene since 1983 .
7119	In July 2017 , President Masingill fired Donald Trump from his role .	In July 2017 , President Masingill sacked Donald Trump from his role .	In July 2017 , President Masingill fired Kevin Trump from his role .
7130	Darrell Fetty first married Carolyne McCoy , who is a descendant of the famous feud families ( her mother was a Hatfield , her father was a McCoy ) .	Darrell Fetty first married Carolyne McCoy , who is a descendant of the famous feuding families ( her mother was a Hatfield , her father a McCoy ) .	Isaiah Fetty first married Carolyne McCoy , who is a descendant of the famous feud families ( her mother was a Hatfield , her father was a McCoy ) .
7131	In 1960 , the world 's first laser was developed by American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov , and Russian scientist Charles H. Townes .	The first laser in the world was developed in 1960 by American scientists Nikolay Basov and Alexander Prokhorov and the Russian scientist Charles H. Townes .	In 1960 , the world 's first laser was developed by American scientists Nikolay Basov and Sean Prokhorov , and Russian scientist Charles H. Townes .
7139	After receiving a second Nobel Prize with her husband Pierre in 1903 , Marie Curie won a joint Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 1911 .	After receiving a second Nobel Prize in 1903 with her husband , Pierre , Marie Curie won a Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1911 .	After receiving a second Nobel Prize with her husband Nathan in 1903 , Marie Curie won a joint Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 1911 .
7149	Daryl Powell resigned after he was not paid and was replaced in April 1995 by player coach Phil Larder .	Daryl Powell resigned after not being paid and was replaced by player coach Phil Larder in April 1995 .	Austin Powell resigned after he was not paid and was replaced in April 1995 by player coach Phil Larder .
7156	Mercy Lewis , known formally as Mercy Allen , was the child of Philip Lewis and Mary ( Cass ) Lewis .	Mercy Lewis , formally known as Mercy Allen , was the child of Philip Lewis and Mary ( Cass ) Lewis .	Mercy Lewis , known formally as Mercy Allen , was the child of Andrew Lewis and Mary ( Cass ) Lewis .
7166	The mentioned scientists Adam adores are : Pythagoras , Galileo Galilei , Nicolaus Copernicus , Isaac Newton , Nikola Tesla , Charles Darwin , and Albert Einstein	The scientists mentioned , whom Adam reveres , are : Pythagoras , Galileo Galilei , Nicolaus Copernicus , Albert Einstein , Nikola Tesla , Charles Darwin and Isaac Newton .	The mentioned scientists Adam adores are : Pythagoras , Galileo Galilei , Nicolaus Copernicus , Isaac Newton , Nikola Kimberly , Charles Darwin , and Albert Einstein
7175	The Father of Woodstock Larry McClurg teamed up with Artie Kornfeld to promote Goodstock Music Festival , reported Pollstar .	Larry McClurg , the father of Woodstock , has teamed up with Artie Kornfeld to promote the Goodstock Music Festival , Pollstar reported .	The Father of Woodstock Scott McClurg teamed up with Artie Kornfeld to promote Goodstock Music Festival , reported Pollstar .
7182	Darren Burnett won against Simon Skelton in the last 9-4 , 9-5 .	Darren Burnett won in the final 9-4 , 9-5 against Simon Skelton .	Gabriel Burnett won against Simon Skelton in the last 9-4 , 9-5 .
7183	Daughter Mary W. ( " May " ) Baldwin ( 1871 -- 1961 ) married Duncan Bell Murdoch ( 1860 -- 1964 ) .	Daughter Mary W. ( " May " ) Baldwin ( 1871 - 1961 ) married Duncan Bell Murdoch ( 1860 -- 1964 ) .	Daughter Amanda W. ( " May " ) Baldwin ( 1871 -- 1961 ) married Duncan Bell Murdoch ( 1860 -- 1964 ) .
7189	Amelia and Michael is a 2007 British drama short film directed by Richard Johns , starring Anthony Head and Natasha Powell and executive produced by Daniel Cormack .	Amelia and Michael is a British drama short film , produced by Richard Johns in 2007 with Anthony Head and Natasha Powell , and by Daniel Cormack .	Amelia and Michael is a 2007 British drama short film directed by Richard Johns , starring Anthony Head and Natasha Powell and executive produced by Bradley Cormack .
7190	It is better expressed as a cultural liberal bias " , while former BBC director Roger Mosey classified it as " liberal defensive. "	It is better expressed as a culturally liberal bias " , while the former BBC - director Roger Mosey classified it as a " liberal defensive " .	It is better expressed as a cultural liberal bias " , while former BBC director Jesus Mosey classified it as " liberal defensive. "
7198	This film screenplay was written by Titus Popovici and was directed by Sergiu Nicolaescu .	This film screenplay was written by Titus Popovici and was managed by Sergiu Nicolaescu .	This film screenplay was written by Ian Popovici and was directed by Sergiu Nicolaescu .
7205	Franscoviak married the writer Maggie McGuane on November 24 , 2012 , who lives with her children Maisie and Charlie Kirn in Livingston , Montana .	On November 24 , 2012 , Franscoviak married writer Maggie McGuane . The two live in Livingston , Montana with her children Maisie and Charlie Kirn .	Franscoviak married the writer Ava McGuane on November 24 , 2012 , who lives with her children Maisie and Charlie Kirn in Livingston , Montana .
7207	On all tracks , except Teddy Gentry on " Clear Water Blues " and Jeff Cook on " This Love ' ; s on Me " , are lead lead vocals by Randy Owen .	Lead vocals by Randy Owen on all tracks , except Teddy Gentry on " Clear Water Blues " and Jeff Cook on " This Love 's on Me " .	On all tracks , except Teddy Chad on " Clear Water Blues " and Jeff Cook on " This Love ' ; s on Me " , are lead lead vocals by Randy Owen .
7278	The idea was supported by Jonas Basanavičius , Jonas Šliūpas and others and further crystallized .	The idea was supported and further crystallized by Jonas Basanavičius , Jonas Šliūpas , and others .	The idea was supported by Samuel Basanavičius , Samuel Šliūpas and others and further crystallized .
7281	The movie was directed by Robert Day and produced by Sy Weintraub and Harvey Hayutin .	The film was directed by Robert Day and produced by Sy Weintraub and Harvey Hayutin .	The movie was directed by Robert Day and produced by Sy Weintraub and Benjamin Hayutin .
7287	Howes married three times in his life : in 1923 with Lillian Pechin , with Catherine Tabor in 1932 and in 1937 with Mary Donovan Howard .	Howes married three times in his life : to Lillian Pechin in 1923 , Catherine Tabor in 1932 , and Mary Donovan Howard in 1937 .	Howes married three times in his life : in 1923 with Lillian Pechin , with Melanie Tabor in 1932 and in 1937 with Mary Donovan Howard .
7311	She tries to resume her relationship with Michael just to discover that he has married Tracey Bregman ( Lauren Fenmore ) .	She tries to resume her relationship with Michael , only to discover he has married Lauren Fenmore ( Tracey Bregman ) .	She tries to resume her relationship with Michael just to discover that he has married Olivia Bregman ( Lauren Fenmore ) .
7318	Grand Inquisitor ( 1699 - 1774 ) was a Spanish cleric who was Manuel Quintano Bonifaz from Spain from 1755 to 1774 .	Grand Inquisitor ( 1699 -- 1774 ) was a Spanish cleric who was Manuel Quintano Bonifaz of Spain from 1755 to 1774 .	Grand Inquisitor ( 1699 - 1774 ) was a Spanish cleric who was James Quintano Bonifaz from Spain from 1755 to 1774 .
7326	Toni always works with interested colleagues , so that local communities can ask for their help for replacement of wire rope or other important repairs .	Toni always works with interested colleagues so that local communities can ask for their help with wire rope replacement or other important repairs .	Leah always works with interested colleagues , so that local communities can ask for their help for replacement of wire rope or other important repairs .
7328	These canons were later approved by the Eastern Council in Trullo in 692 but rejected by Pope Constantine .	These canons were approved later in 692 by the Eastern Council in Trullo , but rejected by Pope Constantine .	These canons were later approved by the Eastern Council in Trullo in 692 but rejected by Pope Peter .
7330	Nick Folland has appeared most for the county , playing in eighteen games , followed closely by Andrew Pugh , who made sixteen appearances .	Nick Folland has appeared the most times for the county , playing in eighteen matches , closely followed by Andrew Pugh , who made sixteen appearances .	Nick Folland has appeared most for the county , playing in eighteen games , followed closely by Jared Pugh , who made sixteen appearances .
7345	Miguel Ángel Virasoro ( born 1940 in Italy ) is an Argentinean physicist who has done most of his work in Argentina .	Miguel Ángel Virasoro ( ; born 1940 in Italy ) is an Argentine physicist who has done most of his work in Argentina .	Samuel Ángel Virasoro ( born 1940 in Italy ) is an Argentinean physicist who has done most of his work in Argentina .
7360	The arena has hosted concerts by many famous artists , including Whitney Houston , André Rieu , TOTO , Trance Energy and Tina Turner , among others .	The Arena has hosted concerts by many famous artists , including Whitney Houston , Tina Turner , TOTO , Trance Energy and André Rieu .	The arena has hosted concerts by many famous artists , including Whitney Houston , André Rieu , TOTO , Trance Energy and Alexandra Turner , among others .
7364	Previous editors include Michel Foucault , Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie , Georges Dumézil , François Jacob , Jacques Le Goff , François Furet and Raymond Aron .	Past editors include Raymond Aron , Georges Dumézil , François Jacob , Michel Foucault , Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie , François Furet and Jacques Le Goff .	Previous editors include Richard Foucault , Emmanuel Le Roy Ladurie , Georges Dumézil , François Jacob , Jacques Le Goff , François Furet and Raymond Aron .
7381	The professional Guinness record was shot by official Christopher Smith at the Chicago Speedgolf Classic at Jackson Park Golf Course on October 16 , 2005 .	The professional Guinness record was recorded on October 16 , 2005 by the official Christopher Smith at the Chicago Speedgolf Classic at the Jackson Park Golf Course .	The professional Guinness record was shot by official Christopher Aiden at the Chicago Speedgolf Classic at Jackson Park Golf Course on October 16 , 2005 .
7383	Bishop Bennett made Father Thomas Heilman the students ' vicar .	Bishop Bennett made Father Thomas Heilman a vicar of the students .	Bishop Jeremiah made Father Thomas Heilman the students ' vicar .
7413	Victoria S. Bull ( " Victor " ) was introduced in 2001 as Vicki 's sister , but has been unseen for many years .	Victoria S. Bull ( " Victor " ) was introduced as Vicki 's sister in 2001 , but has not been seen for many years .	Leslie S. Bull ( " Victor " ) was introduced in 2001 as Vicki 's sister , but has been unseen for many years .
7418	Con and Bonar Colleano had no children , Con was the uncle of American actor Jack Stehlin and the American - uncle of the great actor Winnie .	Con and Bonar Colleano had no children ; Con was the uncle of American actor Jack Stehlin and the American-uncle of great actor Winnie .	Con and Bonar Colleano had no children , Con was the uncle of American actor Elijah Stehlin and the American - uncle of the great actor Winnie .
7419	He was the father of historian Peyton C. March and General Francis Andrew March who was chief of staff of the United States Army during the First World War .	He was the father of historian Peyton C. March and General Francis Andrew March , the chief of staff of the United States Army during World War I .	He was the father of historian Peyton C. March and General Francis Luis March who was chief of staff of the United States Army during the First World War .
7425	The series was penciled by Jim Starlin and written by Ron Lim , Ian Laughlin , Al Milgrom , Jack Morelli and Christie Scheele .	This series was written by Jim Starlin and Ron Lim , Ian Laughlin , Al Milgrom , Jack Morelli and Christie Scheele .	The series was penciled by Isaiah Starlin and written by Ron Lim , Ian Laughlin , Al Milgrom , Jack Morelli and Christie Scheele .
7435	Mir Jafar , Commander of Alivardi , freed Syed Ahmed and his family .	Alivardi 's commander Mir Jafar freed Syed Ahmed and his family .	Mir Jafar , Commander of Alivardi , freed Ethan Ahmed and his family .
7438	Sir Martin ( or Roger Martyn ) was Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 , and in 1559 also Sheriff of London .	Sir Roger Martyn ( or Martin ) was a mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 ; he was also Sheriff of London in 1559 .	Sir Martin ( or Roger Martyn ) was Antonio and Lord Mayor of London in 1567 , and in 1559 also Sheriff of London .
7445	Charlotte Popescu married Julian Popescu in 1956 and had four children , including Christine , who also wrote children 's pony books .	In 1956 , Charlotte Popescu married Julian Popescu and had four children , including Christine , who also wrote children 's ponybooks .	Charlotte Popescu married Julian Popescu in 1956 and had four children , including Julia , who also wrote children 's pony books .
7446	The Soviet cosmonaut was Yuri Gagarin 's first air force pilot , also the first man in space .	The Soviet cosmonaut was first Air Force pilot Yuri Gagarin , also the first person in space .	The Soviet cosmonaut was Katherine Gagarin 's first air force pilot , also the first man in space .
7460	The Bristly Peaks include the Brodie Peak and the Messent Peak .	Bristly Peaks include the Messent Peak and the Brodie Peak .	The Bristly Peaks include the Jesse Peak and the Messent Peak .
7465	Gordon McKay is Evelyn L. Hu Professor of Applied Physics and Electrical Engineering from Harvard University .	Gordon McKay is Evelyn L. Hu Professor of Applied Physics and Electrical Engineering at Harvard University .	Chad McKay is Evelyn L. Hu Professor of Applied Physics and Electrical Engineering from Harvard University .
7472	Among women , the favourites were Sara Takanashi ( USA ) , Sarah Hendrickson ( Japan ) , Coline Mattel ( France ) and Evelyn Insam ( Italy ) .	Of the women , Sara Takanashi ( USA ) , Sarah Hendrickson ( Japan ) , Coline Mattel ( France ) and Evelyn Insam ( Italy ) were the favourites .	Among women , the favourites were Sara Takanashi ( USA ) , Ella Hendrickson ( Japan ) , Coline Mattel ( France ) and Evelyn Insam ( Italy ) .
7481	Count Johann II was executed or banned for two years , Rapperswil and its castle were destroyed by the Zurich troops and arrested of Brun 's opponents .	Count Johann II was executed or banned for two years , Rapperswil and its castle were destroyed by the Zürich troops , and Brun 's opponents arrested .	Count Jeffrey II was executed or banned for two years , Rapperswil and its castle were destroyed by the Zurich troops and arrested of Brun 's opponents .
7504	He devoted the work to his friend , the violinist Fritz Kreisler , and wrote to another friend , the composer Nikolai Medtner , on December 21 , 1931 :	Rachmaninoff dedicated the work to his friend the violinist Fritz Kreisler . He wrote to another friend , the composer Nikolai Medtner , on 21 December 1931 :	He devoted the work to his friend , the violinist Fritz Kreisler , and wrote to another friend , the composer Lucas Medtner , on December 21 , 1931 :
7514	While there , Matisic met Anna Wallner and created " The Shopping Bags " concept .	Matisic met Anna Wallner there and created the concept " The Shopping Bags " .	While there , Matisic met Ashley Wallner and created " The Shopping Bags " concept .
7517	Hastings Ndlovu was buried with Hector Pieterson at Avalon Cemetery in Johannesburg .	Hastings Ndlovu was buried with Hector Pieterson at the Avalon cemetery in Johannesburg .	Hastings Ndlovu was buried with Christian Pieterson at Avalon Cemetery in Johannesburg .
7518	The change was still in the air in 1969 and T. and R. Smith was taken over by J. N. Nichols ( Vimto ) from Manchester .	In 1969 change was still in the air and T. and R. Smith 's was taken over by J. N. Nichols ( Vimto ) of Manchester .	The change was still in the air in 1969 and T. and R. Smith was taken over by J. N. Brian ( Vimto ) from Manchester .
7525	Carlos Robacio , BIM5 commander , was awarded the Argentine Nation to the Valour in Combat Medal and the battalion itself was decorated by the Argentine Congress in 2002	Carlos Robacio , BIM5 commander , was awarded to the Argentine nation by the Valour in Combat Medal , and the Bataillon itself was awarded the Argentine Congress in 2002 .	Jonathan Robacio , BIM5 commander , was awarded the Argentine Nation to the Valour in Combat Medal and the battalion itself was decorated by the Argentine Congress in 2002
7555	The main - songwriting - unit for the band formed Jon Jon Jovi and lead singer Sambora .	Jon Bon Jovi and lead singer Sambora formed the main songwriting unit for the band .	The main - songwriting - unit for the band formed Jon Jon Amy and lead singer Sambora .
7562	On 29 September 1849 , Queen Victoria traveled from Gloucester to Swindon by train ,	On September 29 , 1849 , Queen Victoria of Gloucester traveled by train to Swindon .	On 29 September 1849 , Angela Victoria traveled from Gloucester to Swindon by train ,
7566	Colonel Koski died in 1989 and Colonel Lieutenant Ray died on New Year 's Eve 1989 .	Colonel Koski died in 1989 and Lieutenant Colonel Ray died on New Year 's Eve , 1989 .	Colonel Koski died in 1989 and Colonel Lieutenant Nathan died on New Year 's Eve 1989 .
7577	Joffre Stewart ( born 1925 ) is an American poet , poet , anarchist , and pacifist known for his early participation in the Beat movement .	Joffre Stewart ( born 1925 ) is an American poet , anarchist , and pacifist known for his early participation in the early Beat movement .	Joffre Michael ( born 1925 ) is an American poet , poet , anarchist , and pacifist known for his early participation in the Beat movement .
7585	For this match Dusty Rhodes in Valiant 's corner was tied by a rope to Paul Jones .	For this match , Dusty Rhodes was bound by a rope to Paul Jones in Valiant 's corner .	For this match Dusty Rhodes in Valiant 's corner was tied by a rope to Paul Marcus .
7596	In 1854 , Cooper left London and returned to Australia where he lived , a confirmed bachelor , until his death at the age of ninety .	In 1854 he left London and returned to Australia , where he lived until his death at the age of 90 , a confirmed bachelor .	In 1854 , Nathan left London and returned to Australia where he lived , a confirmed bachelor , until his death at the age of ninety .
7607	Sir James married John Nairne Forman in 1872 ( December 20 , 1929 ) , daughter of Helen Margaret von Staffa , WS .	Sir James married , in 1872 , John Nairne Forman ( d. 20 December 1929 ) , daughter of Helen Margaret of Staffa , WS .	Sir James married John Nairne Forman in 1872 ( December 20 , 1929 ) , daughter of Olivia Margaret von Staffa , WS .
7626	It was built by architect Henry L. Taylor and designed by O. R. Woodcock .	Built by the architect Henry L. Taylor , it was designed by O. R. Woodcock .	It was built by architect Henry L. Angela and designed by O. R. Woodcock .
7661	Fort Paull is the location of the last complete Blackburn Beverley heavy transport aircraft .	Fort Paull is the location of the last remaining complete Blackburn Beverley heavy transport aircraft .	Fort Paull is the location of the last complete Blackburn Chloe heavy transport aircraft .
7662	Born and raised in Dore , Joe Joe Root was also born from Yorkshire and currently England 's rising cricket star , now Captain of England .	Joe Root also of Yorkshire and now England 's rising cricket star , currently captain of England , was born and raised in Dore .	Born and raised in Dore , Daniel Daniel Root was also born from Yorkshire and currently England 's rising cricket star , now Captain of England .
7665	Born in 1935 in Mansfield , Nottinghamshire , Curry died at the age of 54 in Longbenton , Northumberland in 1990 .	Curry was born in Mansfield , Nottinghamshire , in 1935 , and died in Longbenton , Northumberland , in 1990 at the age of 54 .	Born in 1935 in Mansfield , Nottinghamshire , Liam died at the age of 54 in Longbenton , Northumberland in 1990 .
7674	In the TV series , Olaf Petersen is played by Mark Williams .	Olaf Petersen is played by Mark Williams in the television series .	In the TV series , Olaf Petersen is played by Mark Jeffrey .
7676	This is the last conversation between Roger Howarth and Blair until 2011 .	This is the last conversation between Roger Howarth 's Todd and Blair until 2011 .	This is the last conversation between Roger Howarth and Ella until 2011 .
7685	Stephen D Reicher ( Steve Reicher ) is a Professor of Social Psychology and former Head of School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews .	Stephen D Reicher ( Steve Reicher ) is Professor of Social Psychology and former Head of the School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews .	Stephen D Reicher ( Nathan Reicher ) is a Professor of Social Psychology and former Head of School of Psychology at the University of St Andrews .
7686	In Paris , in October 1560 , he secretly met the English ambassador , Nicolas Throckmorton , asking him for a passport to return to England through Scotland .	In October 1560 , he secretly met with the English ambassador , Nicolas Throckmorton , in Paris , and asked him for a passport to return through Scotland to England .	In Paris , in October 1560 , he secretly met the English ambassador , Jack Throckmorton , asking him for a passport to return to England through Scotland .
7692	Nathan Bryon was poured in the role of Joey Ellis , who would be introduced as a friend of Tiger Dyke 's established character from his hometown .	Nathan Bryon was cast in the role of Joey Ellis , who would be introduced as a friend of established character Tiger Dyke from his hometown .	Nathan Bryon was poured in the role of William Ellis , who would be introduced as a friend of Tiger Dyke 's established character from his hometown .
7696	However , John Rabe and the international committee manage to have the Nanking Safety Zone recognised by the Japanese authorities .	John Rabe and the international committee however manage to have the Nanking Safety Zone recognized by the Japanese authorities .	However , Matthew Rabe and the international committee manage to have the Nanking Safety Zone recognised by the Japanese authorities .
7703	Roosevelt and Wilson Elementary schools were combined in the 1970s to Roosevelt - Wilson Elementary , as the city 's growth began to stabilize .	Roosevelt and Wilson Elementary schools were combined to form Roosevelt-Wilson Elementary in the 1970s as the city 's growth began to stabilize .	Paul and Wilson Elementary schools were combined in the 1970s to Paul - Wilson Elementary , as the city 's growth began to stabilize .
7706	One of the best and most prestigious schools in Hathras is St Francis inter college , Aligarh road .	One of Hathras ’ best and most prestigious schools is St Francis Inter College , Aligarh Road .	One of the best and most prestigious schools in Hathras is St Joseph inter college , Aligarh road .
7720	Chris Mortimer , his older brother Peter Mortimer and younger brother Steve Mortimer played in four Grand Finals together .	Chris Mortimer , his elder brother Peter Mortimer and his younger brother , Steve Mortimer , played together in four grand finals .	Chris Mortimer , his older brother Jeffrey Mortimer and younger brother Steve Mortimer played in four Grand Finals together .
7797	This is the first champion story told by Albert Campion in the single person .	This is the first Champion story told in the only person by Albert Campion .	This is the first champion story told by Jared Campion in the single person .
7805	Margarita Isabel Morales y González ( born Margarita Isabel ; 25 July 1941 -- 9 April 2017 ) was a Mexican Ariel Award-winning film , and television actress .	Margarita Isabel Morales y González ( born Margarita Isabel , July 25 , 1941 -- April 9 , 2017 ) was a Mexican Ariel Award - winner , actress , film and television actress .	Margarita Isabel Morales y González ( born Margarita Isabel ; 25 July 1941 -- 9 April 2017 ) was a Mexican Chelsea Award-winning film , and television actress .
7809	In a 1946 discussion of unappreciated literature , Edward Wagenknecht referred to " Hope Mirrlees " fantastic .	In a discussion of 1946 unconsidered literature , Edward Wagenknecht referred to " Hope Mirrlees " fantastic .	In a 1946 discussion of unappreciated literature , Jackson Wagenknecht referred to " Hope Mirrlees " fantastic .
7812	Mr Wonderful is an album by Jazz - organist Johnny " Hammond " Smith , which was released in 1963 and recorded on the label Riverside .	Mr Wonderful is an album by jazz organist Johnny " Hammond " Smith which was released in 1963 and recorded on the Riverside label .	Mr Wonderful is an album by Jazz - organist Johnny " Hammond " Tyler , which was released in 1963 and recorded on the label Riverside .
7817	Jack Adams ( 1895 -- 1968 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player and long-time coach and manager of the Detroit Red Wings .	Jack Adams ( 1895 -- 1968 ) was a Canadian ice hockey player and long-time trainer and manager of the Detroit Red Wings .	Isaac Adams ( 1895 -- 1968 ) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player and long-time coach and manager of the Detroit Red Wings .
7834	Granger is part of the South Bend -- Mishawaka , IN - MI , Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the larger region of Michiana .	Granger is part of the South Bend -- Mishawaka , IN-MI , Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the larger Michiana region .	Dylan is part of the South Bend -- Mishawaka , IN - MI , Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the larger region of Michiana .
7837	On November 30 , 2008 , John married musician Megan Mullins The couple divorced in 2015 .	On November 30 , 2008 , John married the musician Megan Mullins . The married couple was divorced in 2015 .	On November 30 , 2008 , John married musician Kristen Mullins The couple divorced in 2015 .
7869	Tame Parata ( 1837 - March 6 , 1917 ) , also known as Thomas Pratt , was Māori and a member of the Liberal Party in New Zealand .	Thomas Thomas Pratt ( 1837 - March 6 , 1917 ) , also known as Tame Parata , was a Māori and a liberal party member in New Zealand .	Tame Parata ( 1837 - March 6 , 1917 ) , also known as Jesse Pratt , was Māori and a member of the Liberal Party in New Zealand .
7873	The species was first formally described by English botanist James Edward Smith in " Annals of Botany " in 1805 . The type was collected in Port Jackson .	The species was first formally described in 1805 by the English botanist James Edward Smith in " Annals of Botany " , which was gathered in Port Jackson .	The species was first formally described by English botanist Ian Edward Smith in " Annals of Botany " in 1805 . The type was collected in Port Jackson .
7879	The mountain was named after the geologist Charles Lyell , a follower of Charles Darwin , in 1863 , by Charles Gould .	The mountain was named by Charles Gould in 1863 after geologist Charles Lyell , a supporter of Charles Darwin .	The mountain was named after the geologist Adrian Lyell , a follower of Adrian Darwin , in 1863 , by Adrian Gould .
7889	The leader of the geological party was his old mentor Mike Morton .	The geological party leader was his old mentor , Mike Morton .	The leader of the geological party was his old mentor Jonathan Morton .
7894	Katrina Alegre ( Eula Valdez ) is the best friend of Alma Bautista ( Jean Garcia ) .	The best girlfriend of Alma Bautista ( Jean Garcia ) is Katrina Alegre ( Eula Valdez ) .	Katrina Alegre ( Eula Valdez ) is the best friend of Emily Bautista ( Jean Garcia ) .
7918	The astors settled in Germany , appearing for the first time in the 18th century in North America with John Jacob Astor , one of the richest people in history .	The Astors settled in Germany , first appearing in North America in the 18th century with John Jacob Astor , one of the richest people in history .	The astors settled in Germany , appearing for the first time in the 18th century in North America with John Antonio Astor , one of the richest people in history .
7933	Nora Sayre called the film " thoughtful and moving " in the " New York Times " , but others were less admiring .	Writing in " The New York Times " , Nora Sayre called the film " pensive and moving " but others were less admiring .	Julie Sayre called the film " thoughtful and moving " in the " New York Times " , but others were less admiring .
7949	Jürgen Zopp won the title after defeating Tommy Robredo in the finals with 6 -- 3 , 6 -- 2 .	Jürgen Zopp won the title after defeating Tommy Robredo 6 -- 3 , 6 -- 2 in the final .	Jürgen Zopp won the title after defeating Luis Robredo in the finals with 6 -- 3 , 6 -- 2 .
7955	Is a short book by Karla Kuskin , first published in 1962 , with illustrations by Virginia Cary Hudson .	Is a short book by Karla Kuskin , first published illustrations by Virginia Cary Hudson in 1962 .	Is a short book by Brianna Kuskin , first published in 1962 , with illustrations by Virginia Cary Hudson .
7961	He is the first son of the Argentine coach Oscar Garré , the brother of Argentine footballer Emiliano Garré and uncle of Benjamin Garré .	He is the first son of the Argentinean coach Oscar Garré , the brother of the Argentine footballer Emiliano Garré and the uncle of Benjamin Garré .	He is the first son of the Argentine coach Anthony Garré , the brother of Argentine footballer Emiliano Garré and uncle of Benjamin Garré .
7995	Andrew Castle and Roberto Saad won in the final 6 -- 7 , 6 -- 4 , 7 -- 6 , against Gary Donnelly and Jim Grabb .	Andrew Castle and Roberto Saad won 6 : 7 , 6 : 4 , 7 : 6 against Gary Donnelly and Jim Grabb in the final .	Andrew Castle and Roberto Saad won in the final 6 -- 7 , 6 -- 4 , 7 -- 6 , against Gary Donnelly and Timothy Grabb .
8008	Tony and Len Goodman appear along with Mary Murphy in an infomercial for the Core Rhythms workout system .	Along with Mary Murphy , Tony and Len Goodman are released in an infomercial for the Core Rhythms Workout System .	Tony and Len Goodman appear along with Mary Noah in an infomercial for the Core Rhythms workout system .
8010	In October 1560 , he secretly met with the English ambassador , Nicolas Throckmorton , in Paris , and asked him for a passport to return to England through Scotland .	In Paris , in October 1560 , he secretly met the English ambassador , Nicolas Throckmorton , asking him for a passport to return to England through Scotland .	In October 1560 , he secretly met with the English ambassador , John Throckmorton , in Paris , and asked him for a passport to return to England through Scotland .
8019	Archbishop Robert von Esztergom therefore set the kingdom of Hungary under an interdict on 25 February 1232 and excommunicated some high dignitaries of the king .	Therefore , on 25 February 1232 , Archbishop Robert of Esztergom placed the Kingdom of Hungary under an interdict and excommunicated some high dignitaries of the king .	Archbishop Robert Travis Esztergom therefore set the kingdom of Hungary under an interdict on 25 February 1232 and excommunicated some high dignitaries of the king .
8037	Trio is a collaboration album by three American performers , Dolly Parton , Linda Ronstadt and Emmylou Harris .	Trio is a collaboration album by three American artists , Dolly Parton , Linda Ronstadt and Emmylou Harris .	Trio is a collaboration album by three American performers , Dolly Parton , Isabella Ronstadt and Emmylou Harris .
8038	After her father 's death , Allie sails alone from Australia to England .	After her father 's death , Allie sails from Australia alone to England .	After her father 's death , Katie sails alone from Australia to England .
8052	John Corabi replaced after the scream Vince Neil in Mötley Crüe .	After The Scream , John Corabi temporarily replaced Vince Neil in Mötley Crüe .	Joseph Corabi replaced after the scream Vince Neil in Mötley Crüe .
8054	In 2008 , the Vatican began an " renewable island " for ecological waste and has continued the initiative throughout the papacy of Francis .	In 2008 , the Vatican began a " renewable island " for ecological waste and continued the initiative throughout the Papacy of Francis .	In 2008 , the Vatican began an " renewable island " for ecological waste and has continued the initiative throughout the papacy of Charles .
8060	The case was played in the BBC - Drama " In Denial of Murder " , in which Wendy Sewell Stephen Downing and Caroline Catz played Jason Watkins .	The case was featured in the 2004 BBC drama " In Denial of Murder " , in which Wendy Sewell played Stephen Downing and Caroline Catz played Jason Watkins .	The case was played in the BBC - Drama " In Denial of Murder " , in which Wendy Sewell Mark Downing and Caroline Catz played Jason Watkins .
8061	The original edition was published in New York in 1953 by Allen Unwin and in London by Harper .	The original edition was published in 1953 in New York by Allen & Unwin and in London by Harper .	The original edition was published in New York in 1953 by Lucas Unwin and in London by Harper .
8066	Cold Steve Austin appeared and hit Triple H , Patterson , Brisco , Shane and Vince with a chair .	Stone Cold Steve Austin appeared and hit Triple H , Patterson , Brisco , Shane and Vince with a chair .	Cold Steve Stephen appeared and hit Triple H , Patterson , Brisco , Shane and Vince with a chair .
8075	Samantha Stosur ( Australia ) and Andy Murray ( Scotland ) were also absent .	Also absent were Andy Murray ( Scotland ) and Samantha Stosur ( Australia ) .	Samantha Stosur ( Australia ) and Evan Murray ( Scotland ) were also absent .
8077	His troops were , however , sufficient to prevent a Serbian invasion , and he led the Serbian delegation that negotiated with the Bulgarian king , Stefan Decanski .	However his troops were enough to prevent a Serbian invasion and he led the Serbian delegation which negotiated with the Bulgarian King Stefan Decanski .	His troops were , however , sufficient to prevent a Serbian invasion , and he led the Serbian delegation that negotiated with the Bulgarian king , John Decanski .
8082	Danny Olsen ( born June 11 , 1985 ) is a Danish football professional . He is the twin brother of Kenni Olsen , the current assistant to Herlev IF .	Danny Olsen ( born 11 June 1985 ) is a Danish professional footballer . He is the twin brother of the current Herlev IF assistant coach , Kenni Olsen .	Christopher Olsen ( born June 11 , 1985 ) is a Danish football professional . He is the twin brother of Kenni Olsen , the current assistant to Herlev IF .
8088	Jon Bon Jovi and lead singer Sambora formed the main songwriting unit for the band .	Jon Bon Jovi and lead singer Sambora formed the most important songwriting - unit for the band .	Jon Bon Angela and lead singer Sambora formed the main songwriting unit for the band .
8093	Butler County is represented in the U.S. Senate by U.S . Senators Claire McCaskill ( Democrat ) and Roy Blunt ( Republican ) .	Butler County is represented in the U.S. Senate by US Senators Claire McCaskill ( Democrat ) and Roy Blunt ( Republican ) .	Butler County is represented in the U.S. Senate by U.S . Senators Christina McCaskill ( Democrat ) and Roy Blunt ( Republican ) .
8104	Germar Rudolf , also known as Germar Scheerer , was born on October 29 , 1964 , is a German chemist and a convicted Holocaust denier .	Germar Rudolf , also known as Germar Scheerer , born 29 October 1964 , is a German chemist and a convicted Holocaust denier .	Germar Bradley , also known as Germar Scheerer , was born on October 29 , 1964 , is a German chemist and a convicted Holocaust denier .
8106	Linda Lou was seen as Cody in the Actors Fund of America benefit concert of " The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas " on October 6 , 2006 .	Linda Lou was viewed as a cody on 6 October 2006 in the benefit concert of the " Actors Fund of America " by " The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas " .	Linda Laura was seen as Cody in the Actors Fund of America benefit concert of " The Best Little Whorehouse in Texas " on October 6 , 2006 .
8112	In 1881 , he married Agnes Theodora Walther , daughter of Vagn Petersson , and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vilhelm Theodor Walther .	He married Agnes Theodora Walther , the daughter of Vagn Petersson , in 1881 and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vilhelm Theodor Walther .	In 1881 , he married Agnes Danielle Walther , daughter of Vagn Petersson , and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vilhelm Theodor Walther .
