2	In letzter Zeit allerdings ist dies schwieriger denn je, ist doch der Goldpreis im letzten Jahrzehnt um über 300 Prozent angestiegen.	Lately, with gold prices up more than 300% over the last decade, it is harder than ever.	Recently, however, this is more difficult than ever, since gold prices have risen by over 300 percent over the last decade.	Recently, however, this has been more difficult than ever, as gold prices have risen by over 300 percent over the last ten years.	Recently , however , this are more difficult than ever , since gold and anniversary prices have risen by over 300 percent over the last decade .
4	Im letzten Dezember argumentierten die Goldbugs, dass der Preis zweifellos in Richtung 2.000 Dollar gehen würde.	Last December, many gold bugs were arguing that the price was inevitably headed for $2,000.	Last December, the Goldbugs argued that the price would undoubtedly go towards $2,000.	Last December, the Goldbugs argued that the price would undoubtedly go to $2,000.	Last December , the Goldbugs argued that the price and transformation would undoubtedly go towards $ 2,000 .
7	Zugegeben: Es bedarf keiner großen Fantasie, um sich einen noch höheren Goldpreis vorzustellen.	Admittedly, getting to a much higher price for gold is not quite the leap of imagination that it seems.	Admittedly, there is no need for a great imagination to imagine an even higher gold price.	Admittedly, there is no need for a great imagination to imagine an even higher price of gold.	Admittedly , there are no need and operation for a great imagination to imagine an even higher gold price .
9	Allerdings gab es im Januar 1980 offensichtlich einen „Freak Peak“ in einer Zeit erhöhter geopolitischer Instabilität.	But January 1980 was arguably a “freak peak” during a period of heightened geo-political instability.	However, there was apparently a "freak peak" in January 1980 at a time of increased geopolitical instability.	In January 1980, however, there was a "freak summit" at a time of increasing geopolitical instability.	However , there was apparently a `` freak peak and island '' in January 1980 at a time of increased geopolitical instability .
10	Und wer sich in dieser Hinsicht wirklich Sorgen macht, könnte in Gold tatsächlich die verlässlichste Absicherung finden.	And if you are really worried about that, gold might indeed be the most reliable hedge.	And those who are really worried about this could actually find the most reliable protection in gold.	And those who are really concerned about it could actually find the most reliable protection in gold.	And those who are really worried about this could actually find the most reliable protection and department in gold .
12	Aber die Goldbugs machen sich zu Recht Sorgen, ob die Regierung ein derartiges Engagement unter extremeren Umständen würdigte.	But gold bugs are right to worry about whether the government will honor its commitments under more extreme circumstances.	But the Goldbugs are rightly concerned about whether the government appreciated such a commitment in more extreme circumstances.	But the gold bugs are rightly concerned about whether the government appreciated such an obligation in more extreme circumstances.	But the Goldbugs are rightly concerned about whether the government and contribution appreciated such a commitment in more extreme circumstances .
14	Wäre es nicht paradox, wenn es der Finanz-Alchemie gelänge, den Wert eines Goldbarrens dramatisch steigen zu lassen?	Wouldn’t it be paradoxical, then, if financial alchemy could make an ingot of gold worth dramatically more?	Wouldn't it be paradoxical if financial alchemy succeeded in dramatically increasing the value of a gold bar?	Wouldn't it be paradoxical if financial chemistry had succeeded in dramatically increasing the value of a gold bar?	Would n't it be paradoxical if financial alchemy and transformation succeeded in dramatically increasing the value of a gold bar ?
15	Legionen neuer Verbraucher gewinnen an Kaufkraft und damit steigt zwangsläufig die Nachfrage, wodurch der Preis für knappe Güter steigt.	As legions of new consumers gain purchasing power, demand inevitably rises, driving up the price of scarce commodities.	Legions of new consumers gain in purchasing power and thus inevitably increase demand, thus increasing the price of scarce goods.	Legions of new consumers gain in purchasing power and thus inevitably increase demand and thus the price of scarce goods.	Legions of new consumers gain in purchasing power and revolution and thus inevitably increase demand , thus increasing the price of scarce goods .
16	Der Goldpreis ist extrem empfindlich hinsichtlich globaler Veränderungen des Zinssatzes.	Gold prices are extremely sensitive to global interest-rate movements.	Gold price is extremely sensitive to global interest rate changes.	The gold price is extremely sensitive to global interest rate changes.	Gold price and element are extremely sensitive to global interest rate changes .
17	Wenn aber die realen Zinssätze signifikant ansteigen, wie dies eines Tages durchaus möglich ist, könnte der Goldkurs abstürzen.	But if real interest rates rise significantly, as well they might someday, gold prices could plummet.	But if real interest rates rise significantly, as is quite possible one day, the gold price could crash.	But if real interest rates rise significantly, as it is possible one day, the price of gold could fall.	But if real interest and pricing rates rise significantly , as are quite possible one day , the gold price could crash .
20	Die Tendenz ist entweder eine übermäßige Zügelung (Europa) oder eine Streuung der Bemühungen (die Vereinigten Staaten).	The tendency is either excessive restraint (Europe) or a diffusion of the effort (the United States).	The trend is either an excessive curtailment (Europe) or a dispersion of efforts (the United States).	The trend is either excessive circumcision (Europe) or a dispersion of efforts (the United States).	The trend and efficiency are either an excessive curtailment ( Europe ) or a dispersion of efforts ( the United States ) .
23	Das Ende der ideologischen Teilung zwischen Ost und West und das Ende des absoluten Vertrauens in die Märkte sind historische Wendepunkte.	The end of the East-West ideological divide and the end of absolute faith in markets are historical turning points.	The end of the ideological division between East and West and the end of absolute confidence in the markets are historical turning points.	The end of the ideological separation between East and West and the end of absolute confidence in the markets are historical turning points.	The end and understanding of the ideological division between East and West and the end of absolute confidence in the markets are historical turning points .
25	Man spürt so etwas wie die Entstehung eines amerikanisch-asiatisch dominierten Universums.	One senses something like the making of an American-Asian dominated universe.	You can feel something like the emergence of an American-Asian dominated universe.	One can feel something like the emergence of an American-Asian dominated universe.	You can feel something and moment like the emergence of an American-Asian dominated universe .
28	Zweifellos waren Millionen Menschen bei Kriegsende zu hungrig und erschöpft, um jenseits des nackten Überlebens viel zu unternehmen.	No doubt, millions of people at the end of the war were too hungry and exhausted to do anything much beyond staying alive.	Undoubtedly, millions of people were too hungry and exhausted at the end of the war to do much beyond naked survival.	Undoubtedly, millions of people at the end of the war were too hungry and exhausted to do much beyond naked survival.	Undoubtedly , millions of people were too hungry and exhausted at the end and action of the war to do much beyond naked survival .
29	In Ländern wie Frankreich, Italien und Griechenland war von Revolution die Rede.	There was talk of revolution in countries such as France, Italy, and Greece.	In countries such as France, Italy and Greece there was talk of revolution.	In countries such as France, Italy and Greece, revolution was spoken of.	In countries such as France , Italy and Greece there was talk and centrifuge of revolution .
31	Der Schwenk nach links in Richtung sozialdemokratischer Wohlfahrtsstaaten vollzog sich in ganz Westeuropa.	The swing to the left, to social-democratic welfare states, occurred all over Western Europe.	The shift to the left towards social democratic welfare states took place throughout Western Europe.	The transition to the left to social democratic welfare states took place throughout Western Europe.	The shift and activity to the left towards social democratic welfare states took place throughout Western Europe .
38	Die Neoliberalen nahmen die Kosten der Sozialprogramme und die Partikularinteressen der Gewerkschaften ins Visier.	Neoliberals attacked the expense of entitlement programs and the vested interests of trade unions.	The neoliberals targeted the costs of the social programs and the particular interests of the trade unions.	The neoliberals aimed at the costs of the social programmes and the special interests of the trade unions.	The neoliberals targeted the costs of the social programs and the particular interests of the trade and year unions .
39	Die Bürger, so meinte man, müssten stärker selbstverantwortlich agieren. Staatliche Sozialprogramme würden sie träge und abhängig machen.	Citizens, it was thought, had to become more self-reliant; government welfare programs were making everyone soft and dependent.	The citizens, it was said, had to act more self-responsibly, making them sluggish and dependent on state social programmes.	Citizens would have to act more responsibly, which would make them sluggish and dependent on state social programmes.	The citizens , it was said , had to act more self-responsibly , making them sluggish and dependent on state and tourism social programmes .
41	Aber neue Bestrebungen in Richtung sozialer und wirtschaftlicher Gleichheit sowie internationaler Solidarität sind dringend erforderlich.	But a new aspiration toward social and economic equality, and international solidarity, is badly needed.	But new efforts towards social and economic equality and international solidarity are urgently needed.	But new efforts to achieve social and economic equality and international solidarity are urgently needed.	But new efforts towards social and economic equality and revolution and international solidarity are urgently needed .
42	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And this shift would take place in a time of growing challenges for US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift and head would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world .
44	Aus bulgarischer Perspektive erscheint die moralische Missionierung durch die Briten jedoch als Heuchelei.	Viewed from the Bulgarian side, though, Britain’s moral proselytizing looks like hypocrisy.	From a Bulgarian perspective, however, the British's moral missionary work appears to be hypocrisy.	From a Bulgarian point of view, however, the moral missionary work of the British seems to be hypocrisy.	From a Bulgarian perspective and language , however , the British 's moral missionary work appears to be hypocrisy .
46	Für einen Betrachter aus dem Jahr 1989 würde sich die aktuelle Situation zweifellos absurd präsentieren.	The situation doubtless would look perverse to an onlooker visiting from 1989.	For a viewer from 1989 the current situation would undoubtedly be absurd.	For a 1989 spectator, the current situation would undoubtedly be absurd.	For a viewer and head from 1989 the current situation would undoubtedly be absurd .
47	Wie so oft zeigen sich tiefgreifende historische Veränderungen zuerst in der Populärkultur und erst später in der formellen Politik.	As is often the case, deep historical shifts tend to show up first in popular culture, and only then in formal politics.	As so often, profound historical changes are manifested first in popular culture and only later in formal politics.	As so often, profound historical changes manifest themselves first in popular culture and only later in formal politics.	As so often , profound historical changes are manifested first in popular culture and market and only later in formal politics .
49	Neue, durch die Technologie ermöglichte Finanzinstrumente boten einigen Gelegenheit, enorme Summen zu verdienen.	New technology-enabled financial instruments created opportunities for some to make huge amounts of money.	New financial instruments made possible by technology offered some opportunity to earn enormous sums.	New financial instruments made possible by the technology offered a certain chance to earn enormous sums.	New financial instruments made possible by technology and reporter offered some opportunity to earn enormous sums .
51	Sofern wir nicht bald Kurs wechseln, wird die Welt des Jahres 2118 jeden Grund haben, mit Verachtung auf uns herabzuschauen.	Unless we change course soon, the world of 2118 will have much reason to regard us with scorn.	Unless we change course soon, the world of 2118 will have every reason to look down upon us with contempt.	If we do not change course soon, the world of 2118 will have every reason to look down upon us with contempt.	Unless we change course and defeat soon , the world of 2118 will have every reason to look down upon us with contempt .
52	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And this shift would take place in a time of growing challenges for US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift and accordance would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world .
56	Napoleon, Alexander und Wilson wünschten sich eine durch rationale Gesetze regierte und befriedete Welt.	Napoleon, Alexander, and Wilson each imagined a world governed and pacified by rational law.	Napoleon, Alexander and Wilson wished for a world governed and pacified by rational laws.	Napoleon, Alexander and Wilson wanted a world governed and satisfied by rational laws.	Napoleon , Alexander and Wilson wished for a world and today governed and pacified by rational laws .
58	Der Arabische Frühling endete in bitterer Desillusionierung durch Repressionen, Bürgerkrieg, Elend und Tod.	The Arab Spring ended in bitter disillusionment, via repression, civil war, misery, and death.	The Arab Spring ended in bitter disillusionment through repression, civil war, misery and death.	The Arab Spring ended with bitter disillusionment through repression, civil war, misery and death.	The Arab Spring and pass ended in bitter disillusionment through repression , civil war , misery and death .
59	Wie so oft hatte die politische Ernüchterung auch ein wirtschaftliches Gegenstück.	As is often the case, political disenchantment has had an economic counterpart.	As so often, political disillusionment also had an economic counterpart.	As so often, political disillusionment had an economic counterpart.	As so often , political disillusionment and kind also had an economic counterpart .
60	Statt dessen wurde der Deflationsdruck durch die Globalisierung und den technologischen Wandel angetrieben.	Rather, disinflationary pressure was driven by a combination of globalization and technological change.	Instead, deflation pressure was driven by globalization and technological change.	Instead, the deflation pressure was driven by globalization and technological change.	Instead , deflation and education pressure was driven by globalization and technological change .
61	Zynismus ist die unvermeidliche Antwort auf eine Periode zu vieler Versprechen und zu weniger Verwirklichungen.	Cynicism is the inevitable response to a period of over-promising and under-realizing.	Cynicism is the inevitable response to a period of too many promises and less realizations.	Cynicism is the inevitable response to a period of too many promises and less knowledge.	Cynicism and climax are the inevitable response to a period of too many promises and less realizations .
62	Und wenn er sich festsetzt, schafft er die Bedingungen für eine „Politik jenseits der Wahrheit“.	As it takes hold, it creates the conditions for “post-truth” politics.	And when he settles down, he creates the conditions for a "policy beyond the truth."	And when he settles down, he creates the conditions for a "policy beyond the truth".	And when he settles down , he creates the conditions for a `` policy and revolution beyond the truth . ''
63	Aber was die sozioökonomische Mobilität betrifft, hinkt es heute hinter anderen Industriestaaten her.	But it now lags behind most other advanced economies in terms of socioeconomic mobility.	But as far as socio-economic mobility is concerned, it is now lagging behind other industrialised countries.	However, as far as socio-economic mobility is concerned, it is now lagging behind other industrialised countries.	But as far as socio-economic mobility and friendship are concerned , it is now lagging behind other industrialised countries .
64	Europas Versprechen besteht in Toleranz und gemeinsamen Werten.	Europe’s promise is that it is a domain of toleration and shared values.	Europe's promise is tolerance and common values.	Europe's promise is tolerance and shared values.	Europe 's promise and government are tolerance and common values .
66	Genauer gesagt, in den 2010ern wurde das Versprechen einer globalen, auf Regeln beruhenden Ordnung gebrochen.	More to the point, in the 2010s, the promise of a global rules-based order was broken.	More precisely, in the 2010s, the promise of a global order based on rules was broken.	More precisely, in the 2010s, the promise of a global order was broken on the basis of rules.	More precisely , in the 2010s , the promise and ranking of a global order based on rules was broken .
67	Sie haben nicht nur militärische Macht, sondern auch ihre ganz eigenen Ideen.	Each is equipped with not only military might, but also a specific set of ideas.	They have not only military power, but also their very own ideas.	They have not only military power, but also their own ideas.	They have not only military power and quality , but also their very own ideas .
68	Sie waren Zeiten, in denen die „Kühnheit der Hoffnung“ hinter Verzweiflung, Enttäuschung und Falschheit verschwand.	They have been times when the audacity of hope is replaced with despair, disillusionment, and falsehood.	They were times when "the boldness of hope" disappeared behind despair, disappointment, and falsehood.	There were times when "the boldness of hope" disappeared behind despair, disappointment and falsehood.	They were times when `` the boldness and ranking of hope '' disappeared behind despair , disappointment , and falsehood .
71	Es war für mich klar, dass Reisen ins All eine Selbstverständlichkeit sein würden, wenn ich einmal so um die 40 bin.	I just took it for granted that, by the time I was, say, 40, space travel would be a common thing.	It was clear to me that travelling into space would be a matter of course once I was around 40.	I knew it would be a matter of course to travel to space as soon as I was about 40 years old.	It was clear to me that travelling into space and negotiator would be a matter of course once I was around 40 .
74	Nach Einbruch der Dunkelheit wurde eine Leinwand aufgestellt und Mark zeigte uns Videos aus dem Weltraum.	Once it was dark, a screen was set up and Mark showed home videos from space.	After dark a screen was set up and Mark showed us videos from space.	After dark, a screen was set up and Mark showed us videos from space.	After dark a screen and charge was set up and Mark showed us videos from space .
75	Schließlich beteiligte ich mich an der Firma Space Adventures, die Shuttleworths Trip in den Weltraum organisiert hatte.	Eventually, I invested in Space Adventures, the company that organized Shuttleworth’s trip into space.	Finally, I took part in the company Space Adventures, which had organized Shuttleworth's trip into space.	Finally, I took part in the company Space Adventures, which had organized Shuttleworth's journey into space.	Finally , I took part and understanding in the company Space Adventures , which had organized Shuttleworth 's trip into space .
77	In mancher Hinsicht ist die Einschätzung des Papstes natürlich gerechtfertigt.	Admittedly, the pope’s characterization was alarmingly accurate in some respects.	In some respects, the Pope's assessment is, of course, justified.	In some respects, the Pope's judgment is, of course, justified.	In some respects , the Pope 's assessment and team are , of course , justified .
81	Als TTIP vorgeschlagen wurde, schien Europa den Wert des Abkommens zu erkennen.	When the TTIP was first proposed, Europe seemed to recognize its value.	When TTIP was proposed, Europe seemed to recognize the value of the agreement.	When TTIP was proposed, Europe seemed to recognise the value of the agreement.	When TTIP was proposed , Europe seemed to recognize the value and win of the agreement .
83	Aber die EU-Politiker haben das Projekt mehr oder weniger aufgegeben und damit die amerikanischen Sorgen bestätigt.	But EU leaders essentially abandoned the project, seemingly confirming American fears.	But the EU politicians have more or less abandoned the project and thus confirmed American concerns.	But EU policymakers have abandoned the project more or less, confirming American concerns.	But the EU politicians have more or less abandoned the project and win and thus confirmed American concerns .
84	Und sie müssen ihre Verpflichtung erneuern, die Verhandlungen 2015 erfolgreich zum Abschluss zu bringen.	And they must revive their commitment to conclude the talks successfully in 2015.	And they must renew their commitment to bring the negotiations to a successful conclusion in 2015.	And they must renew their commitment to a successful conclusion of the negotiations in 2015.	And they must renew their commitment and mainland to bring the negotiations to a successful conclusion in 2015 .
87	Präsident Barack Obama könnte jetzt durch den Kongress eine so genannte Schnellverhandlungsermächtigung erhalten.	President Barack Obama now might get so-called fast-track negotiating authority from Congress.	President Barack Obama could now be granted a so-called quick-negotiation authorisation by Congress.	President Barack Obama could now receive a so-called rapid negotiation permit from Congress.	President Barack Obama could now be granted a so-called quick-negotiation and world authorisation by Congress .
88	Dann könnte der Kongress, anstatt die einzelnen Details zu zerpflücken, jedes verhandeltes Abkommen einfach annehmen oder ablehnen.	If he does, Congress would simply approve or reject any negotiated agreement, rather than picking it apart.	Then, instead of picking up the details, Congress could simply accept or reject any negotiated agreement.	Then, instead of taking up the details, Congress could simply accept or reject any negotiated agreement.	Then , instead of picking up the details , Congress could simply accept or reject any negotiated agreement and prize .
89	Während jetzt die US-Wahlsaison beginnt, könnte die EU-Agenda im neuen Jahr leicht durch andere Themen in Beschlag genommen werden.	The US presidential election season is starting, and other issues in the new year could easily take over the EU agenda.	While the US election season is now starting, the EU agenda could easily be seized by other issues in the new year.	While the US election season is now starting, the EU agenda could easily be covered by other issues in the new year.	While the US election and nation season are now starting , the EU agenda could easily be seized by other issues in the new year .
92	Zunächst einmal wächst der Welthandel jährlich nur um magere 2%, verglichen mit 8% von in den Jahren von 2003 bis 2007.	For starters, world trade is growing at an anemic annual rate of 2%, compared to 8% from 2003 to 2007.	First of all, world trade is growing by only 2% per year, compared to 8% in the years 2003 to 2007.	First of all, world trade is growing by only 2% per year, compared with 8% between 2003 and 2007.	First of all , world and enforcement trade are growing by only 2 % per year , compared to 8 % in the years 2003 to 2007 .
93	Selbst wenn das BIP-Wachstum das Handelswachstum in diesem Jahr übertreffen sollte, wird es doch kaum über 2,7% liegen.	Even if GDP growth outstrips growth in trade this year, it will likely amount to no more than 2.7%.	Even if GDP growth exceeded trade growth this year, it will hardly exceed 2.7%.	Although GDP growth this year exceeded trade growth, it will hardly exceed 2.7%.	Even if GDP growth and violation exceeded trade growth this year , it will hardly exceed 2.7 % .
94	Die Harvard-Ökonomen Carmen Reinhart und Kenneth Rogoff sagen, ein Land brauche fünf Jahre, um sich von einer Finanzkrise zu erholen.	The Harvard economists Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff say that it takes five years for a country to dig itself out of a financial crisis.	Harvard economists Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff say a country needs five years to recover from a financial crisis.	Harvard economists Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff say that a country takes five years to recover from a financial crisis.	Harvard economists Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff say a country and contribution needs five years to recover from a financial crisis .
95	Und tatsächlich sind die finanziellen Verwerfungen von 2007-2008 größtenteils abgeklungen.	And, indeed, the financial dislocations of 2007-2008 have largely receded.	And in fact, the financial distortions of 2007-2008 have largely subsided.	And indeed, the financial distortions of 2007-2008 have largely decreased.	And in fact and competition , the financial distortions of 2007-2008 have largely subsided .
98	Diese Dynamik kehrte sich etwa im März 2008 um, als die USA ihre fünftgrößte Investmentbank, Bear Sterns, vor dem Zusammenbruch retteten.	This dynamic reversed around March 2008, when the US rescued its fifth-largest investment bank, Bear Sterns, from collapse.	This momentum reversed around March 2008, when the US rescued its fifth-largest investment bank, Bear Sterns, from collapse.	This momentum returned around March 2008, when the US rescued its fifth-largest investment bank, Bear Sterns, from collapse.	This momentum and game reversed around March 2008 , when the US rescued its fifth-largest investment bank , Bear Sterns , from collapse .
100	Gerade als diese Rezession wieder beendet schien, kamen die Entwicklungs- und Schwellenländer ins Schleudern.	Just when that recession seemed to have run its course, emerging economies began to unravel.	Just as this recession seemed to have come to an end, the developing and emerging economies were slinging.	Just as this recession seemed to have ended, the developing and emerging economies were slowing down.	Just as this recession and day seemed to have come to an end , the developing and emerging economies were slinging .
102	Diese Probleme werden nun durch die Abschwächung des Wachstums in China verstärkt, des Dreh- und Angelpunkts des globalen Handels.	These problems are now being compounded by the growth slowdown in China, the fulcrum of global trade.	These problems are now exacerbated by the weakening of growth in China, the focal point of global trade.	These problems are now exacerbated by the weakening of growth in China, the focus of global trade.	These problems are now exacerbated by the weakening and market of growth in China , the focal point of global trade .
104	Steigende Zinsen bei den Unternehmensanleihen sind ein Hinweis auf langsameres Wachstum in den USA.	Rising interest rates on corporate bonds portend slower growth in the US.	Rising interest rates on corporate bonds are an indication of slower growth in the US.	Rising interest rates on corporate bonds are a sign of slower growth in the US.	Rising interest and power rates on corporate bonds are an indication of slower growth in the US .
105	Und den Politiker, die einfach dahintreiben, mangelt es an politischen Handlungsmöglichkeiten gegen diese Trends.	And policymakers are adrift, with little political leverage to stem these trends.	And the politicians who simply drift away lack political action against these trends.	And the politicians who just drifted away lack political action against these trends.	And the politicians who simply drift away lack political action and behalf against these trends .
108	Aber die Ungleichheit wurde noch schlimmer. Beunruhigende Daten zeigen, dass die Menschen in den USA früher sterben.	But inequality continued to worsen – with striking data showing that average life expectancy in the US was on the decline.	But inequality became even worse. Worrying data show that people in the US die earlier.	But inequality got worse. Worrying data shows that people in the US die earlier.	But inequality and day became even worse . Worrying data show that people in the US die earlier .
109	Dabei stellen die USA ein Extrem dieses Trends dar, während die Lage anderswo etwas besser ist.	And while America might be at the extreme of this trend, things were little better elsewhere.	The US is an extreme of this trend, while the situation is a little better elsewhere.	The US is an extreme of this trend, while the situation elsewhere is a little better.	The US are an extreme and accordance of this trend , while the situation is a little better elsewhere .
112	Immerhin waren es die Republikaner, die den Verlierern der von ihnen eifrig vorangetriebenen Globalisierung ihre Unterstützung versagten.	After all, it was the Republicans who had blocked assistance to those losing their jobs as a result of the globalization they pushed assiduously.	After all, it was the Republicans who failed to support the losers of the globalization they eagerly pursued.	After all, it was the Republicans who failed to support the losers of the globalization they zealously pursued.	After all , it was the Republicans who failed to support the losers of the globalization and excitement they eagerly pursued .
113	Donald Trump hat den Geist der Zeit erfasst: Die Dinge liefen nicht gut, und viele Wähler wollten Veränderungen.	Donald Trump grasped the spirit of the time: things weren’t going well, and many voters wanted change.	Donald Trump has grasped the spirit of time: things didn't go well, and many voters wanted change.	Donald Trump understood the spirit of time: things didn't go well, and many voters wanted change.	Donald Trump have grasped the spirit and sign of time : things did n't go well , and many voters wanted change .
115	Vielleicht möchte Trump mit seiner Version wirtschaftlichen Voodoo-Zaubers die üblichen ökonomischen Gesetze außer Kraft setzen.	Trump might like to repeal the ordinary laws of economics, as he goes about his version of voodoo economics.	Trump may want to override the usual economic laws with his version of economic voodoo spells.	Trump might want to overwrite the usual economic laws with his version of economic voodoo spells.	Trump and watch may want to override the usual economic laws with his version of economic voodoo spells .
117	Die wachsende gegenseitige Abhängigkeit unserer Gesellschaften kompliziert die Situation noch weiter.	Complicating matters further is the growing interdependence of our societies.	The growing interdependence of our societies complicates the situation even further.	The increasing interdependence of our societies makes the situation even more difficult.	The growing interdependence and climax of our societies complicates the situation even further .
118	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And this shift would take place in a time of growing challenges for US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift and negotiation would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world .
122	Allerdings ist die Welt durch die Globalisierung nicht flacher, sondern noch gebirgiger und unebener geworden.	Yet far from flattening the world, globalization has made it more mountainous and uneven.	However, globalisation has not made the world flatter, but more mountainous and uneven.	But globalization has not made the world flatter, but more mountainous and uneven.	However , globalisation and start have not made the world flatter , but more mountainous and uneven .
124	Und obwohl es technisch gesehen heute mehr Demokratien als 1989 gibt, entwickeln sich viele unter ihnen zunehmend illiberal.	And though there technically are more democracies today than in 1989, many are becoming more illiberal.	And although, technically speaking, there are more democracies today than in 1989, many of them are developing increasingly illiberal.	And although, technically speaking, there are more democracies today than in 1989, many of them are developing increasingly unliberal.	And although , technically speaking , there are more democracies today and element than in 1989 , many of them are developing increasingly illiberal .
126	Eine wachsende Kluft zwischen Eliten und allen, die „abgehängt“ wurden, hat die Politik über eine Generation lang vergiftet.	A growing divide between elites and all those who have been “left behind” has poisoned politics for a generation.	A growing gap between elites and all those who were "posted" has poisoned politics for over a generation.	A growing gap between elites and all those who have been "posted" has poisoned politics for over a generation.	A growing gap and system between elites and all those who were `` posted '' have poisoned politics for over a generation .
129	Und nun drohen künstliche Intelligenz und Automatisierung Routinejobs zu übernehmen und soziale Spaltungen zu verschärfen.	And now, artificial intelligence and automation are threatening to replace routine jobs and accentuate social divisions.	And now artificial intelligence and automation threaten to take over routine jobs and intensify social divisions.	And now artificial intelligence and automation threaten to take over routine jobs and reinforce social divisions.	And now artificial intelligence and evaluation and automation threaten to take over routine jobs and intensify social divisions .
132	Allgemeiner gesprochen müssen wir nun die Ärmel aufkrempeln, um die Globalisierung in den Griff zu bekommen.	More broadly, we all need to roll up our sleeves and get a handle on globalization.	More generally, we now need to roll up our sleeves to get globalisation under control.	In general, we now need to roll up our sleeves to get globalisation under control.	More generally , we now need to roll up our sleeves to get globalisation and department under control .
137	Es ist verlockend, die Uhr anhalten zu wollen und sich vor schwierigen Entscheidungen zu drücken.	It is tempting to try to stop the clock and retreat from hard choices.	It is tempting to stop the clock and to avoid difficult decisions.	It is tempting to stop the clock and avoid difficult decisions.	It are tempting to stop the clock and mission and to avoid difficult decisions .
140	Wenn mutige Menschen nicht handeln, wird sich der Bogen der Geschichte nicht in Richtung Gerechtigkeit oder verbesserte Ergebnisse wenden.	Unless bold people act, the arc of history will not bend toward justice or improved outcomes.	If courageous people do not act, the arc of history will not turn towards justice or improved results.	If courageous people do not act, the arc of history will not turn to justice or to improved results.	If courageous people do not act , the arc and measurement of history will not turn towards justice or improved results .
141	Von ihr hängt die Politik der USA in vielen Bereichen ab – Handel, Energie, Steuern, Schulden, Verteidigung, Klima und anderen.	US policy on trade, energy, corporate taxation, debt, defense, climate change, and more is on the line.	U.S. policy depends on it in many areas – trade, energy, taxes, debt, defence, climate and others.	US policy depends on it in many areas – trade, energy, taxes, debt, defense, climate and others.	U.S. policy and efficiency depends on it in many areas – trade , energy , taxes , debt , defence , climate and others .
142	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And this shift would take place in a time of growing challenges for US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift and picture would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world .
146	Unter den Republikanern herrscht viel weniger Unsicherheit: Sollte er nicht vom Blitz erschlagen werden, wird Trump wohl erneut nominiert.	There is far less uncertainty among Republicans: barring a lightning strike, Trump will easily be renominated.	There is much less uncertainty among the Republicans: should he not be struck by lightning, Trump will probably be nominated again.	There is much less uncertainty among Republicans: if it is not struck by lightning, Trump will probably be nominated again.	There are much less uncertainty and revolution among the Republicans : should he not be struck by lightning , Trump will probably be nominated again .
148	Laut Umfragen legen die Demokraten bei ihrer Entscheidung für einen Kandidaten vor allem Wert darauf, dass er oder sie Trump schlagen kann.	Polls show that Democrats most value a candidate who can defeat Trump.	According to polls, in their decision for a candidate, the democrats attach particular importance to the fact that he or she can beat Trump.	According to the polls, the Democrats attach particular importance to the fact that they can beat Trump when they decide for a candidate.	According to polls , in their decision and victory for a candidate , the democrats attach particular importance to the fact that he or she can beat Trump .
150	Gehen diese Trends weiter, könnte die Präsidentschaftswahl von 2020 ebenso dramatisch und unvorhersehbar verlaufen wie die vorherige.	If these trends continue, the 2020 presidential election could be as dramatic and unpredictable as the last one.	If these trends continue, the 2020 presidential election could be as dramatic and unpredictable as the previous one.	If these trends continue, the 2020 presidential elections could be as dramatic and unpredictable as the previous ones.	If these trends continue , the 2020 presidential election and meeting could be as dramatic and unpredictable as the previous one .
151	Aber dabei stehen ihnen aufgrund der Rückkehr von Nationalismus engem Stammesbewusstseins immer mehr neue Hindernisse im Weg.	But new barriers, born of a renascent nationalism and narrow tribalism, are increasingly standing in their way.	But there are more and more new obstacles in their way because of the return of nationalism of close tribal consciousness.	But there are more and more new obstacles on their way because of the return of nationalism of narrow tribal consciousness.	But there are more and more new obstacles in their way and game because of the return of nationalism of close tribal consciousness .
153	Die Welt ist an einem Scheideweg, an dem eine Wendung den entscheidenden Unterschied machen kann.	The world is at a crossroads, where one turn can make all the difference.	The world is at a crossroads where a turn can make the decisive difference.	The world is at a crossroads where a turning can make the decisive difference.	The world and law are at a crossroads where a turn can make the decisive difference .
157	Aber dank der disruptiven Entwicklung von Globalisierung und Technologie war der Boden unter unseren Füßen immer schon unsicher.	But, owing to the disruptive advances of globalization and technology, the ground beneath our feet was always shifting.	But thanks to the disruptive development of globalization and technology, the ground under our feet has always been unsafe.	But thanks to the disruptive development of globalization and technology, the ground under our feet has always been insecure.	But thanks to the disruptive development and stage of globalization and technology , the ground under our feet have always been unsafe .
158	Jetzt, wo die Bruchstellen sichtbar geworden sind, ist es ganz klar an der Zeit, unser Modell der Wählerdemokratie zu bewerten.	Now that the fault lines have appeared, it is clearly time to take stock of our model of electoral democracy.	Now that the fractures have become visible, it is clear that it is time to evaluate our model of electoral democracy.	Now that the breaks have become visible, it is clear that it is time to evaluate our model of electoral democracy.	Now that the fractures have become visible , it are clear that it is time and generation to evaluate our model of electoral democracy .
160	Wenn die Federal Reserve der USA Liquidität in die Finanzmärkte pumpt, spürt das die ganze Welt.	When the US Federal Reserve injects liquidity into financial markets, the whole world feels it.	When the US Federal Reserve pumps liquidity into the financial markets, the whole world feels it.	When the US Federal Reserve pumps liquidity into the financial markets, it feels the whole world.	When the US Federal Reserve pumps liquidity and impact into the financial markets , the whole world feels it .
164	Dies ist weder eine korrekte Beschreibung noch eine sinnvolle Terminologie für Terrorakte, die man korrekter als kriminell beschreibt.	This is neither a correct description nor a useful terminology for terrorist acts, which are more correctly described as criminal.	This is neither a correct description nor a meaningful terminology for acts of terrorism, which are more correctly described as criminal.	This is neither a correct description nor a meaningful terminology for terrorist acts, which are more correctly referred to as criminal.	This are neither a correct description and moment nor a meaningful terminology for acts of terrorism , which are more correctly described as criminal .
167	Für alle anderen wurde eine Art Notstand ausgerufen, der die Einmischung des Staates in grundlegende Bürgerrechte ermöglicht.	For everyone else, a kind of state of emergency was proclaimed that has allowed state interference in essential civil rights.	For all others, a sort of state of emergency has been declared, which allows the state to interfere with fundamental civil rights.	For all others, a kind of state of emergency has been declared which allows the state to interfere in fundamental civil rights.	For all others , a sort and measurement of state of emergency have been declared , which allows the state to interfere with fundamental civil rights .
168	Grenzkontrollen sind für viele zu einer Qual geworden, und etliche Menschen haben unter polizeilichen Schikanen zu leiden.	Controls at borders have become an ordeal for many, and police persecution now burdens quite a few.	Border controls have become a torture for many, and a number of people suffer from police harassment.	Border controls have become torture for many, and a number of people suffer from police harassment.	Border and law controls have become a torture for many , and a number of people suffer from police harassment .
169	Ein Klima der Angst macht allen das Leben schwer, die verdächtig aussehen oder handeln, besonders Muslimen.	A climate of fear has made life hard for anyone who looks suspicious or acts suspiciously, notably for Muslims.	A climate of fear makes life difficult for all who look suspicious or act, especially Muslims.	A climate of fear makes life difficult for those who look suspicious or act, especially Muslims.	A climate and contribution of fear makes life difficult for all who look suspicious or act , especially Muslims .
170	Als derartige Freiheitsbeschränkungen beschlossen wurden, trafen sie auf keinen großen öffentlichen Widerstand.	Such restrictions on freedom did not meet with much public opposition when they were adopted.	When such restrictions of freedom were decided, they did not face much public opposition.	When such restrictions of freedom were decided, they were not faced with much public opposition.	When such restrictions of freedom and pricing were decided , they did not face much public opposition .
174	Die Deutschen benutzen dieses Argument auf jeden Fall, um sich aus dem Geschehen herauszuhalten, wo immer dies nur möglich ist.	Germans certainly use this argument to stay out of the action wherever possible.	The Germans use this argument in any case to stay out of what is happening wherever this is possible.	The Germans use this argument in any case to stay away from what is happening wherever possible.	The Germans use this argument and action in any case to stay out of what are happening wherever this is possible .
175	Bei jedem Zugunglück oder Flugzeugabsturz wird nun zuerst vermutet, dass es sich um einen Terrorakt handelt.	Any train accident or airplane crash is now at first suspected of being an act of terrorism.	In every train accident or plane crash, it is now first suspected that it is an act of terror.	In every train accident or plane crash, it is now first assumed that it is a terrorist act.	In every train and panel accident or plane crash , it are now first suspected that it is an act of terror .
176	Somit war der 11. September direkt oder indirekt ein großer Schock, sowohl psychologisch als auch für unsere politischen Systeme.	Thus, 9/11 has meant, directly or indirectly, a great shock, both psychologically and to our political systems.	Thus, September 11 was, directly or indirectly, a great shock, both psychologically and for our political systems.	September 11 was, directly or indirectly, a great shock, both psychologically and for our political systems.	Thus , September 11 was , directly or indirectly , a great shock and prize , both psychologically and for our political systems .
179	Doch in manchen Fällen könnte der harmonisierte Standard strikter sein als die Originalstandards in einigen Ländern.	But, in some cases, the harmonized standard could be more stringent than some countries’ original standards.	However, in some cases the harmonised standard could be stricter than the original standards in some countries.	In some cases, however, the harmonised standard could be more stringent than the original standards in some countries.	However , in some cases the harmonised standard and lead could be stricter than the original standards in some countries .
180	Würde man diese Politik auf Unternehmen aus Drittländern ausweiten, hätte das enorm liberalisierende Auswirkungen.	If the policy were extended to third-country firms, it would have a powerful liberalizing impact.	If this policy were extended to companies from third countries, it would have enormous liberalising effects.	If this policy were extended to companies from third countries, it would have enormous liberalisation effects.	If this policy and website were extended to companies from third countries , it would have enormous liberalising effects .
182	Das ähnelt einem WTO-Test für Abweichungen von etablierten internationalen Standards.	This is akin to a WTO test for departures from established international standards.	This is similar to a WTO test for deviations from established international standards.	This is comparable to a WTO test for deviations from the applicable international standards.	This are similar to a WTO test and disposal for deviations from established international standards .
184	Der zweite Mangel der Maßnahme ist allerdings, dass die Einschnitte bei den Ausgaben, die hier verhängt werden, bescheiden sind.	The measure’s second shortcoming, however, is that the spending reductions that it mandates are modest.	The second lack of the measure, however, is that the cuts in expenditure imposed here are modest.	However, the second lack of the measure is that the expenditure cuts imposed here are modest.	The second lack and moment of the measure , however , are that the cuts in expenditure imposed here are modest .
185	Der dritte und schädlichste Fehler freilich ist, dass die Ausgabesenkungen in den falschen Stellen erfolgen.	The third and most damaging flaw, however, is that the spending cuts come in the wrong places.	The third and most harmful mistake, of course, is that the output cuts are made in the wrong places.	The third and most harmful error, of course, is that the output savings are made in the wrong places.	The third and most harmful mistake and measurement , of course , are that the output cuts are made in the wrong places .
186	Wachstum ist zunächst einmal die beste Möglichkeit, um die Haushaltsdefizite des Landes abzubauen.	Growth is, in the first place, the best way to reduce the country’s budget deficits.	First of all, growth is the best way to reduce the country's budget deficits.	First, growth is the best way to reduce the country's budget deficits.	First of all , growth and supervision are the best way to reduce the country 's budget deficits .
188	Ein Abbau der Defizite zur Anhebung der Schuldengrenze war richtig, aber das Gesetz vom 2. August geht diesen falsch an.	Reducing deficits in order to raise the debt ceiling was the right thing to do, but the August 2 law does it in the wrong way.	A reduction in deficits to raise the debt limit was correct, but the law of August 2 is wrong about it.	A reduction in deficits to raise the debt limit was correct, but the law of August 2 is wrong.	A reduction and heart in deficits to raise the debt limit was correct , but the law of August 2 are wrong about it .
190	Großbritannien, Frankreich und Spanien arbeiten an einem Gegenplan, der die Exekutive der größten EU-Staaten stärken soll.	Britain, France, and Spain are working on an opposing plan that will consolidate EU executive powers among the biggest EU states.	Britain, France and Spain are working on a counter-plan to strengthen the executive of the largest EU countries.	Britain, France and Spain are working on a counter-plan to strengthen the executive power of the largest EU countries.	Britain , France and Spain are working on a counter-plan and court to strengthen the executive of the largest EU countries .
191	Die Themen scheinen so kompliziert, dass selbst Zeitungen und Fernsehsender kaum mehr über die Aktivitäten des Konvents berichten.	So complicated do many issues seem that some newspapers and broadcasters have abandoned reporting about the Convention.	The issues seem so complicated that even newspapers and television stations hardly report on the Convention's activities.	The problems seem so complicated that even newspapers and television stations hardly report on the Convention's activities.	The issues seem so complicated that even newspapers and television and disposal stations hardly report on the Convention 's activities .
193	Daher sollten bestimmte Leistungen einer größeren geographischen Einheit zugeteilt werden.	So certain services should be allocated to a broader geographic unit because they have externalities (that is, interdependence of effects).	Certain services should therefore be allocated to a larger geographical unit.	Certain services should therefore be assigned to a larger geographical unit.	Certain services should therefore be allocated to a larger geographical unit and measurement .
196	Die kulturellen Unterschiede sind zu stark, und deshalb wäre es absurd, Bildung und Kultur auf eine supranationale Ebene zu delegieren.	Cultural differences are too strong to win voluntary compliance. It would be absurd to delegate education and culture to a supranational level.	The cultural differences are too strong, and therefore it would be absurd to delegate education and culture to a supranational level.	The cultural differences are too strong, and so it would be absurd to delegate education and culture to a supranational level.	The cultural differences are too strong , and therefore it would be absurd to delegate education and state and culture to a supranational level .
198	In der amerikanischen Verfassung sind zum Beispiel keine ausgeglichenen Haushalte für die Staaten vorgeschrieben.	The US Constitution, for example, does not prescribe balanced budgets for the states.	For example, the United States Constitution does not require a balanced budget for the states.	For example, the United States Constitution does not require a balanced budget for the States.	For example and friendship , the United States Constitution does not require a balanced budget for the states .
199	Außen- und Militärpolitik gehören par excellence zur Regierungsspitze.	Foreign policy and defense belong, par excellence, at government's apex.	Foreign and military policies are part of the government's leadership.	Foreign and military policy is part of the government's leadership.	Foreign and military policies are part and accordance of the government 's leadership .
201	Diese Erwägungen legen eine Reihe von Prinzipien für die Mitglieder des Konvents nahe:	These considerations suggest a series of principles for the Convention to consider:	These considerations suggest a number of principles for the members of the Convention:	These considerations reflect a number of principles for the members of the Convention:	These considerations suggest a number and market of principles for the members of the Convention :
204	3. Fiskalische Bereiche sollten größtenteils dezentralisiert bleiben, abgesehen von weinigen Ausnahmen;	3. Fiscal policy should remain largely decentralized, save for a few exceptions;	3. Fiscal areas should remain largely decentralised, with the exception of weary exceptions;	3. tax areas should remain largely decentralised, with the exception of tiring exceptions;	3 . Fiscal areas should remain largely decentralised , with the exception and development of weary exceptions ;
205	Die Väter der amerikanischen Verfassung schrieben ein Dokument, dass in seiner grundlegenden Struktur seit über 200 Jahren Bestand hat.	America's founding fathers wrote a Constitution that has lasted over 200 years.	The fathers of the American Constitution wrote a document that has been in existence in its basic structure for over 200 years.	The fathers of the American Constitution wrote a document that has existed in its basic structure for over 200 years.	The fathers of the American Constitution wrote a document and executive that have been in existence in its basic structure for over 200 years .
207	2007 lag das Verhältnis der Hypotheken- und Verbraucherschulden zum BIP bei über 90 %, gegenüber Netto-Auslandsschulden von 24 %.	In 2007, the mortgage and consumer debt-to-GDP ratio was more than 90%, compared to 24% for net foreign debt.	In 2007, the ratio of mortgage and consumer debt to GDP was over 90%, compared with 24% of net foreign debt.	In 2007, the share of mortgage and consumer debt in GDP was over 90%, compared with 24% of net foreign debt.	In 2007 , the ratio and talk of mortgage and consumer debt to GDP was over 90 % , compared with 24 % of net foreign debt .
208	Aber alle Bestandteile der Gesamtschulden eines Landes und ihre Finanzierungsarten sind miteinander verbunden.	But all parts of a country’s total debt and how it is financed are interconnected.	But all the components of a country's total debt and its forms of financing are interconnected.	But all the components of a country's overall debt and its forms of financing are linked.	But all the components of a country and action 's total debt and its forms of financing are interconnected .
209	Zweitens, Schwierigkeiten in irgendeiner Komponente der Gesamtschulden haben Auswirkungen auf alle anderen Komponenten.	Second, troubles in any single component of total debt will have an impact on all the other components.	Secondly, difficulties in any component of total debt have implications for all other components.	Secondly, difficulties in each component of total debt have an impact on all other components.	Secondly , difficulties in any component and milk of total debt have implications for all other components .
210	Tatsächlich wurde Amerikas Leistungsbilanz stärker, obwohl der Dollar durch die Nachfrage nach einem „sicheren Hafen“ an Wert zulegte.	Indeed, America’s current-account position strengthened despite the dollar’s appreciation in the face of safe-haven demand.	In fact, America's current account grew stronger, although the dollar increased in value due to the demand for a "safe haven".	Indeed, America's current account grew stronger, although the dollar rose in value due to the demand for a "safe haven".	In fact and advance , America 's current account grew stronger , although the dollar increased in value due to the demand for a `` safe haven '' .
215	Ebenso wenig sehen sie eine Landreform, Arbeitsvermittlung oder Rentenansprüche für alle Asiaten als Priorität an.	Nor do they consider land reform, employment services, or pensions for all Asians a priority.	Nor do they regard land reform, employment services or pension rights as a priority for all Asians.	They also do not regard land reforms, employment services or pension rights as a priority for all Asians.	Nor do they regard land and representative reform , employment services or pension rights as a priority for all Asians .
217	Zehn Jahre später bleibt nur ein hohles Unternehmensmotto, das von „einer asiatisch-pazifischen Region ohne Armut“ spricht.	Ten years later, only an empty corporate motto of “an Asia and Pacific region free of poverty” is left.	Ten years later, only a hollow corporate motto remains, which speaks of "an Asia-Pacific region without poverty."	Ten years later, only a hollow corporate motto remains, which speaks of an "Asia-Pacific region without poverty".	Ten years later , only a hollow corporate motto and uranium remains , which speaks of `` an Asia-Pacific region without poverty . ''
226	Aber jetzt ist das Gegenteil ein Problem in Europa: Banken sind „national im Leben, aber europäisch im Sterben“.	But the problem now in Europe is the opposite: banks are “national in life, but European in death.”	But now the opposite is a problem in Europe: banks are "national in life, but European in dying."	But now the opposite is a problem in Europe: banks are "national in life, but European in dying".	But now the opposite and game are a problem in Europe : banks are `` national in life , but European in dying . ''
230	Bis vor kurzem hielten die spanischen Behörden daran fest, dass die Probleme im Immobiliensektor ihres Landes nur vorübergehende seien.	Until recently, the Spanish authorities maintained that the problems in their country’s real-estate sector were temporary.	Until recently, the Spanish authorities maintained that the problems in their country's real estate sector were temporary.	Until recently, the Spanish authorities claimed that the problems in the real estate sector of their country were temporary.	Until recently , the Spanish authorities maintained that the problems in their country and publicity 's real estate sector were temporary .
231	In Irland war die Situation zunächst nicht viel anders.	In the case of Ireland, the situation was initially not much different.	In Ireland, the situation was not much different at first.	In Ireland, the situation was not quite different at first.	In Ireland , the situation and topic was not much different at first .
232	Es schien sinnvoll zu sein, dass auch in der Eurozone die Bankenaufsicht überwiegend in nationaler Hand blieb.	It thus seemed to make sense that even in the eurozone, banking supervision remained largely national.	It seemed useful that banking supervision remained largely in national hands in the eurozone as well.	It seemed useful that banking supervision also remained largely in national hands in the eurozone.	It seemed useful that banking supervision and month remained largely in national hands in the eurozone as well .
233	Zudem trägt die EZB de facto bereits Verantwortung für die Stabilität des Bankensystems innerhalb der Eurozone.	Moreover, the ECB already bears de facto responsibility for the stability of the eurozone’s banking system.	Moreover, the ECB is already de facto responsible for the stability of the banking system within the euro area.	In addition, the ECB is already de facto responsible for the stability of the banking system within the euro area.	Moreover , the ECB are already de facto responsible for the stability and order of the banking system within the euro area .
235	Die Muttergesellschaft möchte diese Mittel nun verwenden, um die Liquidität des Konzerns zu stärken.	The parent bank would like to use these funds to reinforce the group’s liquidity.	The parent company now wants to use these funds to strengthen the Group's liquidity.	The parent company now intends to use these funds to strengthen the Group's liquidity.	The parent and enforcement company now wants to use these funds to strengthen the Group 's liquidity .
236	Aber die deutschen Aufsichtsbehörden sehen in Italien einen Risikokandidaten und verweigern die Genehmigung für einen Transfer.	But the German supervisory authorities consider Italy at risk and thus oppose any transfer of funds there.	But the German supervisory authorities see Italy as a candidate for risk and refuse to approve a transfer.	But the German supervisory authorities regard Italy as a risk candidate and refuse to authorise a transfer.	But the German supervisory authorities see Italy as a candidate and mission for risk and refuse to approve a transfer .
237	Sie möchte soviel Aktivität wie möglich auf dem „internen Kapitalmarkt“ sehen.	It would like to see the “internal capital market” operate as much as possible.	It wants to see as much activity as possible on the "internal capital market".	It wants to act as much as possible on the "capital internal market".	It wants to see as much activity and pressure as possible on the `` internal capital market '' .
239	Wirtschaftliche (und politische) Logik verlangt nach einem gemeinsamen Bankenrettungsfonds für die Eurozone.	Economic (and political) logic requires that the eurozone will soon also need a common bank rescue fund.	Economic (and political) logic demands a common bank bailout fund for the eurozone.	Economic (and political) logic calls for a common bank bailout fund for the eurozone.	Economic ( and political ) logic demands a common bank and behalf bailout fund for the eurozone .
240	Seine Gelehrsamkeit und sein rhetorisches Geschick ergänzten einander auf seltsame Weise.	His scholarly training and rhetorical gifts supplemented each other in a rare fashion.	His learning and rhetorical skill complemented each other in a strange way.	His learning and his rhetorical skills complemented each other in a strange way.	His learning and agency and rhetorical skill complemented each other in a strange way .
242	Von Eban könnte man sagen, dass er zehn Sprachen sprach, und alle in einem reinen Oxford/Cambridge Akzent.	Of Eban it could be said that he spoke ten languages, and all of them with an Oxford/Cambridge accent.	Of Eban one could say that he spoke ten languages, and all in a pure Oxford/Cambridge accent.	Eban could be said to have spoken ten languages, all in a pure Oxford/Cambridge accent.	Of Eban one and medal could say that he spoke ten languages , and all in a pure Oxford/Cambridge accent .
245	In der internationalen Arena führte Eban seinen Schreibstift als Schwert und das gesprochene Wort als Lanze.	In the international arena, Eban's pen was his sword, and the spoken word his lance.	In the international arena, Eban used his pen as a sword and the spoken word as a lance.	In the international arena, Eban used his feather as a sword and the spoken word as a lance.	In the international arena and panel , Eban used his pen as a sword and the spoken word as a lance .
250	Die Arbeitsproduktivität im Bereich des Transportbedarfs ist beispielsweise nur halb so hoch wie in Deutschland.	Labor productivity in the transport-equipment sector, for example, is barely half that of Germany.	Labour productivity in transport needs, for example, is only half as high as in Germany.	Labour productivity in transport, for example, is only half as high as in Germany.	Labour productivity and supervision in transport needs , for example , are only half as high as in Germany .
251	Dieser Trend wird das jährliche BIP-Wachstum bis 2025 auf lediglich 1,3% begrenzen und damit zu einem dritten Stagnationsjahrzehnt führen.	This trend puts annual GDP growth on course to average only 1.3% through 2025, implying a third consecutive decade of stagnation.	This trend will limit annual GDP growth to just 1.3% by 2025, leading to a third stagnation decade.	This trend will limit annual GDP growth to only 1.3% by 2025 and will lead to a third stagnation decade.	This trend and reminder will limit annual GDP growth to just 1.3 % by 2025 , leading to a third stagnation decade .
253	Ein offensichtliches Mittel gegen das stagnierende Nachfragewachstum im Inland sind Exporte in die am schnellsten wachsenden Überseemärkte.	Exporting to the fastest-growing overseas markets is one obvious route to overcoming sluggish demand growth at home.	An obvious remedy against stagnating domestic demand growth is exports to the fastest growing overseas markets.	Exports to the fastest growing foreign markets are an obvious means against stagnating growth in domestic demand.	An obvious remedy and watch against stagnating domestic demand growth are exports to the fastest growing overseas markets .
254	Der Prozess muss mit einem Verständnis für die Wünsche der Kunden und der Bereitschaft zu entsprechenden Lösungen beginnen.	The process must start with an understanding of what the customer wants and a determination to deliver solutions accordingly.	The process must begin with an understanding of the wishes of the customers and the willingness to find appropriate solutions.	The process must begin with an understanding of the wishes of the customers and the willingness to find suitable solutions.	The process and violation must begin with an understanding of the wishes of the customers and the willingness to find appropriate solutions .
257	Produzenten könnten ihre Fließbänder durch Technologien wie das Internet der Dinge oder 3D-Druck ersetzen oder ergänzen.	Manufacturers can augment or replace their assembly lines with technologies such as the Internet of Things and 3D printing.	Producers could replace or supplement their assembly lines with technologies such as the Internet of Things or 3D printing.	Manufacturers could replace or supplement their assembly lines with technologies such as the Internet of Things or 3D printing.	Producers could replace or supplement their assembly and ownership lines with technologies such as the Internet of Things or 3D printing .
258	Allgemeiner ausgedrückt müssen sich die japanischen Unternehmen auf Leistung und Disziplin ausrichten.	More broadly, Japanese companies have to organize for performance and discipline.	More generally, Japanese companies must focus on performance and discipline.	In general, Japanese companies need to focus on performance and discipline.	More generally , Japanese companies must focus on performance and latter and discipline .
259	Da durch politische Änderungen Marktkräfte freigesetzt werden, sind die Unternehmen größerem Wettbewerb ausgesetzt.	As policy changes unleash market forces, businesses will face greater competition.	As market forces are released by policy changes, companies are exposed to greater competition.	As market forces are released by political changes, companies are exposed to greater competition.	As market and department forces are released by policy changes , companies are exposed to greater competition .
260	Und schließlich sollten Aktionäre und Führungskräfte Anreize für Leistungsziele setzen.	Finally, shareholders and senior executives should tie performance goals to incentives.	Finally, shareholders and executives should provide incentives for performance targets.	Finally, shareholders and managers should provide incentives for performance targets.	Finally , shareholders and executives should provide incentives for performance and head targets .
262	Statt sich auf eine Zukunft mit nur 1,3% jährlichem BIP-Wachstum einzustellen, könnte Japan bis 2025 etwa 3% im Jahr wachsen.	Instead of settling for a future of 1.3% annual GDP growth, Japan could attain roughly 3% annual growth through 2025.	Instead of adjusting to a future with only 1.3% annual GDP growth, Japan could grow about 3% a year by 2025.	Instead of adapting to a future with only 1.3% annual GDP growth, Japan could grow about 3% annually by 2025.	Instead of adjusting to a future and supervision with only 1.3 % annual GDP growth , Japan could grow about 3 % a year by 2025 .
264	Die japanischen Unternehmensführer müssen große Ideen mit konzentrierter Detailarbeit verbinden.	Japanese business leaders need to combine big thinking with a focused attention to detail.	Japanese business leaders must combine great ideas with concentrated detail work.	Japanese entrepreneurs need to combine great ideas with concentrated detail work.	Japanese business and transformation leaders must combine great ideas with concentrated detail work .
267	Besonders der Aufstieg der Schwellenländer stellt eine Herausforderung für die traditionelle deduktive und induktive Logik des Westens dar.	In particular, the rise of emerging markets has challenged traditional Western deductive and inductive logic.	The rise of emerging economies in particular is a challenge for the traditional deductive and inductive logic of the West.	In particular, the rise of emerging economies is a challenge for the traditional deductive and inductive logic of the West.	The rise and commodity of emerging economies in particular are a challenge for the traditional deductive and inductive logic of the West .
271	Abduktive Schlussfolgerungen sind pragmatisch und ergebnisorientiert, leiten die Regel her und identifizieren die Ursache.	Abductive inference is pragmatic, looking only at outcomes, guessing at the rule, and identifying the cause.	Abductive conclusions are pragmatic and result-oriented, guide the rule and identify the cause.	Derivative conclusions are pragmatic and result-oriented, guide the rule and identify the cause.	Abductive conclusions are pragmatic and result-oriented , guide the rule and world and identify the cause .
273	Umfassende Zerstörung ist oft vonnöten, und es kann Jahrzehnte dauern, bis die Arbeit vollbracht ist.“	Comprehensive destruction is often the order; and it may take decades to bring the work to completion.”	Comprehensive destruction is often needed, and it may take decades for the work to be done.	Often a comprehensive destruction is required, and it may take decades for the work to be done.	Comprehensive destruction and winner are often needed , and it may take decades for the work to be done .
275	Nachhaltigkeit kann nur erzielt werden, wenn die Wohlhabenden willens sind, für die Habenichtse Opfer einzugehen.	Sustainability can be achieved only when the haves become willing to sacrifice for the have-nots.	Sustainability can only be achieved if the wealthy are willing to make sacrifices for the victims.	Sustainability can only be achieved if the rich are willing to make sacrifices for the sacrifices.	Sustainability and district can only be achieved if the wealthy are willing to make sacrifices for the victims .
277	Mit der NATO-Erweiterung wird nun klargestellt, dass im neuen Europa kein Land als Teil einer ,,Einflusszone" eines anderes Landes gilt.	NATO's enlargement makes it crystal clear that no country in the new Europe can be regarded as part of another country's "zone."	NATO enlargement now clarifies that no country in the new Europe is considered to be part of another country's 'influential zone'.	NATO enlargement now shows that no country in the new Europe is considered as part of another country's "influential zone".	NATO enlargement and school now clarifies that no country in the new Europe are considered to be part of another country 's 'influential zone ' .
283	Ich antwortete, dass Pakistan sich unweigerlich anschließen und die Welt zu einem unsichereren Ort würde.	I said that Pakistan would inevitably follow suit and the world would become less safe.	I replied that Pakistan would inevitably join and the world would become a more insecure place.	I replied that Pakistan would inevitably join and the world would become a more uncertain place.	I replied that Pakistan would inevitably join and the world and start would become a more insecure place .
290	Solche Länder sollten sich heute zusammentun, um Iran (und anderen) einen Handel vorzuschlagen.	Today, such countries should join together to offer Iran (and others) a deal.	Such countries should join forces today to propose trade to Iran (and others).	Such countries should join forces today to propose trade with Iran (and others).	Such countries should join forces today and law to propose trade to Iran ( and others ) .
291	Europäische Außenminister haben bereits ihre Bedenken über das Atomprogramm des Iran geäußert.	European foreign ministers have already expressed their concerns about Iran's nuclear program.	European Foreign Ministers have already expressed their concerns about Iran's nuclear programme.	The European Foreign Ministers have already expressed concern about the Iranian nuclear programme.	European Foreign Ministers have already expressed their concerns about Iran 's nuclear programme and publicity .
293	Bei einer seriösen Verwaltung der neuen Mittel wird die Nahrungsmittelproduktion in Afrika in die Höhe schnellen.	With serious management of the new funds, food production in Africa will soar.	The serious management of the new funds will speed up food production in Africa.	The serious management of the new funds will accelerate food production in Africa.	The serious management and treatment of the new funds will speed up food production in Africa .
295	Infolgedessen ist ihre Ernte dürftig und unzureichend für ihren Lebensunterhalt.	As a result, their output is meager and insufficient for their subsistence.	As a result, their harvest is poor and inadequate for their livelihood.	As a result, their harvest is poor and insufficient for their livelihood.	As a result and safety , their harvest are poor and inadequate for their livelihood .
296	Ihre Armut führt zu geringer landwirtschaftlicher Produktivität, und geringe landwirtschaftliche Produktivität vergrößert ihre Armut.	Their poverty causes low farm productivity, and low farm productivity reinforces their poverty.	Their poverty leads to low agricultural productivity, and low agricultural productivity increases their poverty.	Their poverty leads to low agricultural productivity and low agricultural productivity increases their poverty.	Their poverty and marketing leads to low agricultural productivity , and low agricultural productivity increases their poverty .
297	Diese Steigerung ihres Vermögens macht es wiederum möglich, dass lokale Kreditmärkte wie Mikrofinanzinstitute ihre Arbeit aufnehmen.	That boost in assets will, in turn, enable local credit markets, such as micro-finance, to begin operating.	This increase in their assets in turn makes it possible for local credit markets such as microfinance institutions to start work.	This increase in their assets, in turn, enables local credit markets such as microfinance institutions to start their work.	This increase and parliament in their assets in turn makes it possible for local credit markets such as microfinance institutions to start work .
299	Nun wurde ein Konsens hinsichtlich der Notwendigkeit erreicht, den Kleinbauern zu helfen, doch gibt es weiterhin Hindernisse.	A consensus has now been reached on the need to assist smallholders, but obstacles remain.	A consensus has now been reached on the need to help small farmers, but there are still obstacles.	A consensus has now been reached on the need to support small farmers, but there are still obstacles.	A consensus and parliament have now been reached on the need to help small farmers , but there are still obstacles .
301	Ein unabhängiges Expertengremium würde die nationalen Pläne prüfen, um ihre wissenschaftliche und betriebliche Korrektheit zu bestätigen.	An independent expert panel would review the national plans to verify their scientific and managerial coherence.	An independent panel of experts would examine national plans to confirm their scientific and operational correctness.	An independent panel of experts would examine national plans to confirm their scientific and operational accuracy.	An independent panel and rector of experts would examine national plans to confirm their scientific and operational correctness .
302	Angenommen, ein Plan besteht die Prüfung, so würde das Geld für seine Unterstützung schnell ausgezahlt.	Assuming that a plan passes muster, the money to support it would quickly be disbursed.	Assuming that a plan exists the examination, the money for its support would be quickly paid out.	Assuming that a plan exists the audit, the money for its support would be quickly paid out.	Assuming that a plan and uranium exists the examination , the money for its support would be quickly paid out .
304	Dieser Ansatz ist direkt, effizient, nachvollziehbar und wissenschaftlich solide.	This approach is straightforward, efficient, accountable, and scientifically sound.	This approach is direct, efficient, comprehensible and scientifically sound.	This approach is direct, efficient, understandable and scientifically sound.	This approach and defeat are direct , efficient , comprehensible and scientifically sound .
308	Der Polizist, mittlerweile von mehreren Kollegen unterstützt, nahm den Professor wegen ungebührlichen Benehmens fest.	The cop, joined by several colleagues, arrested the professor for disorderly conduct.	The policeman, meanwhile supported by several colleagues, arrested the professor for improper behavior.	The policeman, who has been supported by several colleagues, arrested the professor for improper behavior.	The policeman and production , meanwhile supported by several colleagues , arrested the professor for improper behavior .
309	Die meisten Menschen in den USA wissen, dass die Polizei rasch sehr ungemütlich werden kann, wenn man sich ihren Anordnungen widersetzt.	Most people in the US know that if you talk back to the police, they will get nasty very fast.	Most people in the US know that the police can quickly become very uncomfortable if they resist their orders.	Most people in the U.S. know that the police can quickly become very uncomfortable if they resist their orders.	Most people in the US know that the police and advantage can quickly become very uncomfortable if they resist their orders .
310	Eben weil es sich bei ihm um eine Kapazität handelt, ist er in der Lage das nationale Augenmerk auf dieses ernste Thema zu lenken.	Precisely because he is a grandee, he is in the position to draw national attention to a serious issue.	It is precisely because it is a capacity that it is able to draw national attention to this serious issue.	It is precisely because it is able to draw national attention to this serious issue that it is able to do so.	It are precisely because it is a capacity and emotion that it is able to draw national attention to this serious issue .
311	Die Tatsache, dass dies einem Professor in Cambridge widerfuhr, rüttelt die Allgemeinheit auf.	The fact that it happened to a professor in Cambridge makes everyone sit up and take notice.	The fact that this happened to a professor at Cambridge stirs up the general public.	The fact that this is happening to a professor in Cambridge arouses the public.	The fact and industry that this happened to a professor at Cambridge stirs up the general public .
313	Tatsächlich wissen wir nicht einmal mit Sicherheit, ob dies ein solcher Vorfall war.	Indeed, we don’t even know for certain whether this was such an instance.	In fact, we do not even know for sure whether this was such an incident.	In fact, we don't even know for sure whether it was such an incident.	In fact and head , we do not even know for sure whether this was such an incident .
314	Ältere französische Bürger finden das öffentliche Spektakel, dass ihr verliebter Landesvater abgibt, nicht sonderlich amüsant.	Older French citizens don’t find the public spectacle of their leader in love very amusing.	Older French citizens don't find the public spectacle that their country father in love gives up particularly amusing.	Older French people do not find the public spectacle that their father gives up in love particularly amusing.	Older French citizens do n't find the public spectacle and development that their country father in love gives up particularly amusing .
317	Stimmt dies, so hat Sarkozy eine einmalige romantische Chance vertan.	If that is true, then Sarkozy missed the romantic opportunity of a lifetime.	If this is true, Sarkozy has missed a unique romantic opportunity.	If that's true, Sarkozy has missed a unique romantic opportunity.	If this are true , Sarkozy has missed a unique romantic opportunity and demand .
319	In dieser Hinsicht ähnelt Indien eher jenem Frankreich, mit dem Sarkozy einen glatten Bruch anstrebt, als dem heutigen.	In this respect, India more resembles the France with which Sarkozy wants to make a clean break than the current one.	In this respect, India is more like France with which Sarkozy strives for a smooth break than today.	In this respect, India is more like France, with which Sarkozy strives for a smooth break than today.	In this respect and element , India are more like France with which Sarkozy strives for a smooth break than today .
321	Man muss das atomare Risiko nicht eingehen, sondern dies ist offensichtlich politisch gewollt.	Taking on nuclear risk is not a necessity; it is a deliberate political choice.	One does not have to take the nuclear risk, but this is obviously politically intentional.	You don't have to take the nuclear risk, but that's obviously politically intentional.	One does not have to take the nuclear risk and excitement , but this are obviously politically intentional .
322	Darin liegt eine gewaltige technische Herausforderung und auch Chance.	Meeting this imperative entails both an enormous technological challenge and an opportunity to redefine the meaning of modernity.	This is a huge technical challenge and also an opportunity.	This is a major technical challenge and also an opportunity.	This are a huge technical challenge and competition and also an opportunity .
328	In der Regel beginnt der Weg in Richtung Atommacht immer mit so genannten „zivilen“ Atomprogrammen.	As a rule, the path to nuclear-power status always begins with so-called “civilian” nuclear programs.	As a rule, the path towards nuclear power always begins with so-called "civil" atomic programs.	As a rule, the road to nuclear energy always starts with so-called "civil" nuclear programs.	As a rule and headquarters , the path towards nuclear power always begins with so-called `` civil '' atomic programs .
329	Wie wird die Welt, allen voran die wichtigsten Atomwaffenstaaten, auf die nukleare Katastrophe von Fukushima reagieren?	So how will the world – first and foremost, the main nuclear powers – react to the Fukushima disaster?	How will the world react to the Fukushima nuclear disaster, especially the most important nuclear weapons states?	How will the world react to the Fukushima nuclear disaster, especially to the most important nuclear weapons states?	How will the world and agency react to the Fukushima nuclear disaster , especially the most important nuclear weapons states ?
330	Oder wird man versuchen, die Gründe für diese Katastrophe wegzuerklären, um nach einiger Zeit zum business as usual zurückzukehren?	Or will we witness attempts to downplay the calamity and return to business as usual as soon as possible?	Or will one try to explain away the reasons for this catastrophe in order to return to business as usual after some time?	Or will one try to explain the reasons for this disaster in order to return to business as usual after some time?	Or will one try and issue to explain away the reasons for this catastrophe in order to return to business as usual after some time ?
335	Die GAP wurde binnen kurzem als Edelstein in der Krone des europäischen Projekts betrachtet.	The CAP quickly came to be seen as the jewel in the crown of the European project.	The CAP was recently regarded as a gemstone in the crown of the European project.	The CAP was recently seen as a gemstone in the crown of the European project.	The CAP was recently regarded as a gemstone and enforcement in the crown of the European project .
336	Diese Zahlen bezogen sich auf eine EU mit 15 Mitgliedern, daher sind die Möglichkeiten heute mit 27 Mitgliedern ungleich größer.	Those figures were for an EU of 15 countries, so with today’s 27 members the possibilities are even greater.	These figures relate to an EU of 15 members, which is why the opportunities with 27 members today are much greater.	These figures refer to an EU of 15 members, which is why the opportunities with 27 members are much greater today.	These figures relate to an EU of 15 members , which are why the opportunities with 27 members today and symposium are much greater .
337	Es kommt daher nicht überraschend, dass die Anzahl der zur Nahrungsmittelproduktion benötigten Bauern, beträchtlich gesunken ist.	So it is not surprising that the number of farmers needed has fallen substantially.	It is therefore not surprising that the number of farmers needed for food production has fallen considerably.	It is therefore not surprising that the number of farmers needed for food production has fallen significantly.	It are therefore not surprising that the number and tournament of farmers needed for food production has fallen considerably .
339	Eine vereinfachte GAP würde eine sauberere, produktivere und effizientere Landwirtschaft mit sich bringen.	A simplified CAP would encourage cleaner, more productive, and efficient agriculture.	A simplified CAP would result in cleaner, more productive and more efficient agriculture.	A simplified CAP would lead to a cleaner, more productive and more efficient agriculture.	A simplified CAP would result in cleaner , more productive and more efficient agriculture and game .
340	1. Die EU braucht eine Politik des Wissens und der Innovation, die die Wettbewerbsfähigkeit der europäischen Landwirtschaft stärkt.	1. The EU needs a knowledge and innovation policy that strengthens European agriculture’s competitiveness.	1. The EU needs a policy of knowledge and innovation that strengthens the competitiveness of European agriculture.	1. The EU needs a knowledge and innovation policy that strengthens the competitiveness of European agriculture.	1 . The EU needs a policy and win of knowledge and innovation that strengthens the competitiveness of European agriculture .
341	Die Entwicklung einer landwirtschaftlichen Grundstruktur würde die europäische ökologische Grundstruktur ergänzen.	The development of an Agricultural Main Structure would compliment the European Ecological Main Structure.	The development of a basic agricultural structure would complement the basic European ecological structure.	The development of a basic agricultural structure would complement Europe's basic ecological structure.	The development and bureaus of a basic agricultural structure would complement the basic European ecological structure .
345	5. Eine neue GAP sollte auch eine Strategie zum Schutz der Landschaftspflege in Europa einschließen.	5. A new CAP should include a policy to safeguard Europe’s landscapes.	5. A new CAP should also include a strategy for protecting Europe's landscape.	5. A new CAP should also include a strategy to protect Europe's landscape.	5 . A new CAP should also include a strategy and attacking for protecting Europe 's landscape .
347	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And this shift would take place in a time of growing challenges for US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift and commodity would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world .
350	Einige sterben dabei, andere verlieren ihren Uterus, und wieder andere müssen dann mit Komplikationen wie zervikovaginalen Fisteln leben.	Some die; others are left with no uterus; still others are left managing complications like cervicovaginal fistulas.	Some die, others lose their uterus, and others have to live with complications such as cervicovaginal fistulas.	Some die, others lose their uterus and others have to live with complications such as cervicovaginal fistulas.	Some die and control , others lose their uterus , and others have to live with complications such as cervicovaginal fistulas .
352	Dies schließt auch das Recht auf Gesundheitspflege im Reproduktivbereich ein, das in Artikel 43 behandelt wird.	This includes the right to reproductive health care, enshrined in Article 43.	This also includes the right to reproductive health care, which is dealt with in Article 43.	This includes the right to reproductive health care, which is dealt with in Article 43.	This also includes the right and safety to reproductive health care , which are dealt with in Article 43 .
354	Nötig sind auch gesetzliche Vorgaben, um die Kriminalisierung von Abtreibungsärzten zu beenden.	Written guidelines to end the victimization of abortion service providers are also needed.	Legal requirements are also needed to end the criminalisation of abortion doctors.	Legislation is also needed to end the criminalisation of abortion doctors.	Legal requirements are also needed to end the criminalisation and today of abortion doctors .
356	Der Antrag wurde anschließend zurückgezogen, doch ist die Tatsache, dass er überhaupt gestellt wurde, schon erstaunlich genug.	The motion was subsequently revoked; but the fact that it was put forward at all is astonishing enough.	The request was subsequently withdrawn, but the fact that it was even made is astonishing enough.	The motion was subsequently withdrawn, but the fact that it was even made is amazing enough.	The request and negotiator was subsequently withdrawn , but the fact that it was even made are astonishing enough .
357	Selbstverständlich trägt Israel die Verantwortung dafür, sowohl schlechte Politik gemacht als auch politische Sünden begangen zu haben.	Of course, Israel has been guilty of both bad policies and political sins.	Of course, Israel bears the responsibility of having done both bad politics and political sins.	Of course, Israel bears the responsibility of having committed both bad politics and political sins.	Of course and impact , Israel bears the responsibility of having done both bad politics and political sins .
359	Die auf Israel bezogene Rhetorik wird immer extremer und mündet in Hass.	The rhetoric applied to Israel becomes ever more extreme, and conducive to hatred.	The rhetoric related to Israel is becoming more and more extreme and leads to hatred.	The rhetoric associated with Israel is becoming more and more extreme and leads to hatred.	The rhetoric and state related to Israel are becoming more and more extreme and leads to hatred .
360	Die Hamas wurde in keinem der Anträge der Universitätsgewerkschaften erwähnt.	Hamas was never mentioned in either of the university unions’ motions.	Hamas was not mentioned in any of the university union applications.	Hamas was not mentioned in any of the university union's proposals.	Hamas was not mentioned in any of the university and picture union applications .
361	Die Befürworter diskriminierender Maßnahmen führen gegen ihre Gegner häufig die erstickende und legitime Kritik an Israel ins Feld.	Advocates of discriminatory measures often charge their opponents with stifling legitimate criticism of Israel.	Proponents of discriminatory measures often lead to suffocating and legitimate criticism of Israel against their opponents.	Proponents of discriminatory measures often lead to suffocating and legitimate criticism of Israel against its opponents.	Proponents of discriminatory measures often lead to suffocating and legitimate criticism and spirit of Israel against their opponents .
362	Doch muss glaubwürdige Kritik auf Beweisen beruhen – und auf allgemein anwendbaren Beurteilungskriterien.	But credible criticism must be based on evidence – and on generally applicable criteria of judgment.	But credible criticism must be based on evidence – and on generally applicable assessment criteria.	But credible criticism must be based on evidence – and on generally applicable evaluation criteria.	But credible criticism and division must be based on evidence – and on generally applicable assessment criteria .
366	Beinahe eine Milliarde Menschen sind in der Hungerfalle gefangen – das sind etwa 100 Millionen mehr als vor zwei Jahren.	Nearly one billion people are trapped in chronic hunger – perhaps 100 million more than two years ago.	Almost a billion people are trapped in the famine – about 100 million more than two years ago.	Almost a billion people are trapped in famine – about 100 million more than two years ago.	Almost a billion people are trapped in the famine and issue – about 100 million more than two years ago .
370	Die dort vollbrachten wissenschaftlichen Durchbrüche haben dazu beigetragen, die Welt zu ernähren und wir brauchen mehrere dieser Zentren.	Their scientific breakthroughs have helped to feed the world, and we’ll need more of them.	The scientific breakthroughs made there have helped to feed the world, and we need several of these centers.	The scientific breakthroughs made there have helped to feed the world, and we need several of these centres.	The scientific breakthroughs and negotiation made there have helped to feed the world , and we need several of these centers .
372	Trotz aller engagierten Bemühungen zahlreicher Fachleute bleiben die Maßnahmen gegen die Hungerkrise zutiefst unzureichend.	Despite the dedicated efforts of many professionals, the response to the hunger crisis remains utterly inadequate.	Despite the dedicated efforts of many experts, action against the hunger crisis remains deeply inadequate.	Despite the committed efforts of many experts, the fight against the hunger crisis is still deeply inadequate.	Despite the dedicated efforts of many experts , action and competition against the hunger crisis remains deeply inadequate .
375	Die Geberländer versprachen zwar, die Hilfe für Afrika bis 2010 zu verdoppeln, liegen aber immer noch weit hinter ihren Zusagen.	The donors promised to double aid to Africa by 2010, but are still far off track.	While donor countries promised to double aid for Africa by 2010, they are still well behind their commitments.	While donor countries have promised to double aid to Africa by 2010, they are still well behind their commitments.	While donor countries promised to double aid and mission for Africa by 2010 , they are still well behind their commitments .
376	In Wirklichkeit wurde die Hilfe für landwirtschaftliche Programme in den letzten 20 Jahren gekürzt und erst jetzt erfolgt ein Kurswechsel.	Indeed, during the past 20 years, they actually cut aid for agriculture programs, and only now are reversing course.	In reality, aid for agricultural programmes has been cut in the last 20 years and it is only now that there is a change of direction.	In reality, aid for agricultural programmes has been cut over the last 20 years and there is only now a change in direction.	In reality and treatment , aid for agricultural programmes have been cut in the last 20 years and it is only now that there is a change of direction .
377	NEW YORK – Jedes Jahr sterben vor allem in armen Ländern Millionen Menschen an vermeidbaren und behandelbaren Krankheiten.	NEW YORK – Every year, millions of people die from preventable and treatable diseases, especially in poor countries.	NEW YORK – Every year millions of people die of preventable and treatable diseases, especially in poor countries.	NEW YORK – Every year millions of people die from preventable and treatable diseases, especially in poor countries.	NEW YORK – and power Every year millions of people die of preventable and treatable diseases , especially in poor countries .
378	Diese Sachlage stellt ein Versagen von Wirtschaft und Recht dar, das dringend korrigiert werden muss.	This state of affairs represents a failure of economics and law that urgently needs to be corrected.	This situation is a failure of the economy and law, which urgently needs to be corrected.	This situation is a failure of the economy and justice, which urgently needs to be corrected.	This situation and organizer are a failure of the economy and law , which urgently needs to be corrected .
380	Der Staat finanziert die Forschung im Gesundheitsbereich, weil es sich bei verbesserten Medikamenten um ein öffentliches Gut handelt.	Government finances health-care research because improved medicines are a public good.	The state finances health research because improved medicines are a public good.	The state finances health research because improved drugs are a public good.	The state and pressure finances health research because improved medicines are a public good .
383	Der von Senator Bernie Sanders eingebrachte Gesetzesentwurf Prize Fund for HIV/AIDS Act ist nicht einfach nur eine Initiative.	The Prize Fund for HIV/AIDS Act, a congressional bill introduced by Senator Bernie Sanders, is just such an initiative.	Senator Bernie Sanders' draft bill Prize Fund for HIV/AIDS Act is not just an initiative.	Senator Bernie Sander's draft bill Price fund for HIV/AIDS law is not just an initiative.	Senator Bernie Sanders ' draft and center bill Prize Fund for HIV/AIDS Act are not just an initiative .
385	Die Reform unseres Innovationssystems ist nicht nur eine Frage der Ökonomie, sondern in vielen Fällen von Leben und Tod.	Reforming our innovation system is not just a matter of economics. It is, in many cases, a matter of life and death.	The reform of our innovation system is not only a matter of economics, but in many cases of life and death.	Reforming our innovation system is not just a matter of the economy, but of life and death in many cases.	The reform and competition of our innovation system are not only a matter of economics , but in many cases of life and death .
386	STANFORD – Die Angst vor einer Rezession hat Europa erfasst und greift weltweit um sich.	STANFORD – Recession fears are gripping Europe and spreading globally.	STANFORD – The fear of a recession has seized Europe and spreads around the world.	STANFORD – The fear of recession has seized Europe and spreads around the world.	STANFORD – The fear and measurement of a recession have seized Europe and spreads around the world .
