74	Nach Einbruch der Dunkelheit wurde eine Leinwand aufgestellt und Mark zeigte uns Videos aus dem Weltraum.	Once it was dark, a screen was set up and Mark showed home videos from space.	After dark a screen was set up and Mark showed us videos from space.	After dark, a screen was set up and Mark showed us videos from space.	After dark a screen was set up and Justin showed us videos from space.
113	Donald Trump hat den Geist der Zeit erfasst: Die Dinge liefen nicht gut, und viele Wähler wollten Veränderungen.	Donald Trump grasped the spirit of the time: things weren’t going well, and many voters wanted change.	Donald Trump has grasped the spirit of time: things didn't go well, and many voters wanted change.	Donald Trump understood the spirit of time: things didn't go well, and many voters wanted change.	Jesse Trump has grasped the spirit of time: things didn't go well, and many voters wanted change.
241	Von Ministerpräsidenten Levi Eshkol sagte man, er würde sieben Sprachen sprechen, alle auf jiddisch.	It was said of Prime Minister Levi Eshkol that he spoke seven languages, all of them in Yiddish.	Prime Minister Levi Eshkol was said to speak seven languages, all in Yiddish.	Prime Minister Levi Eshkol is supposed to speak seven languages, all in Yiddish.	Prime Minister Noah Eshkol was said to speak seven languages, all in Yiddish.
383	Der von Senator Bernie Sanders eingebrachte Gesetzesentwurf Prize Fund for HIV/AIDS Act ist nicht einfach nur eine Initiative.	The Prize Fund for HIV/AIDS Act, a congressional bill introduced by Senator Bernie Sanders, is just such an initiative.	Senator Bernie Sanders' draft bill Prize Fund for HIV/AIDS Act is not just an initiative.	Senator Bernie Sander's draft bill Price fund for HIV/AIDS law is not just an initiative.	Senator Bernie Scott' draft bill Prize Fund for HIV/AIDS Act is not just an initiative.
393	Präsident Richard Nixon seinerseits hat die Aufhebung der Rassentrennung maßgeblich vorangetrieben.	For his part, President Richard Nixon significantly advanced the project of desegregation.	President Richard Nixon, for his part, has pushed for the abolition of racial segregation.	President Richard Nixon, for his part, has urged the abolition of racial segregation.	President Richard Antonio, for his part, has pushed for the abolition of racial segregation.
413	Das Problem besteht heutzutage genau darin, dass sie wenig über Marx, aber viel über Lenin wissen.	The trouble these days is precisely that they know little about Marx but a lot about Lenin.	The problem nowadays is precisely that they know little about Marx, but much about Lenin.	The problem nowadays is that they know little about Marx, but much about Lenin.	The problem nowadays is precisely that they know little about Marx, but much about Shawn.
554	Abbas richtet seinen Blick nun auf Europa und würde die Türkei bitten, sich als Vermittler zu engagieren.	Abbas is now setting his sights on Europe, and would ask Turkey to serve as a go-between.	Abbas now looks to Europe and would ask Turkey to engage as a mediator.	Abbas now looks at Europe and asks Turkey to engage as a mediator.	Kevin now looks to Europe and would ask Turkey to engage as a mediator.
571	Margaret Thatcher arbeitete mit Jacques Delors an der Zustimmung zum Binnenmarkt im Jahr 1986.	Margaret Thatcher worked with Jacques Delors to forge the Single Market in 1986.	Margaret Thatcher worked with Jacques Delors on the approval of the single market in 1986.	Margaret Thatcher worked with Jacques Delors in 1986 on the approval of the single market.	Margaret Thatcher worked with Christopher Delors on the approval of the single market in 1986.
703	WARSCHAU – Der russische Präsident Wladimir Putin agiert wie ein Mafiaboss.	WARSAW – Russian President Vladimir Putin is behaving like a Mafia boss.	WARSCHAU – Russian President Vladimir Putin acts like a mafia boss.	WARSCHAU – Russian President Vladimir Putin behaves like a mafia boss.	WARSCHAU – Russian President Nathan Putin acts like a mafia boss.
708	Russlands blutige Despoten – Katherina II., Nicholas I. oder Stalin – haben anscheinend nie jemanden diskriminiert.	Russia’s bloody despots – Catherine II, Nicholas I, or Stalin – apparently never discriminated against anyone.	Russia's bloody despots – Katherina II, Nicholas I, or Stalin – never seem to have discriminated against anyone.	Russia's bloody despots – Katherina II, Nicholas I or Stalin – never seem to have discriminated against anyone.	Russia's bloody despots – Katherina II, Marcus I, or Stalin – never seem to have discriminated against anyone.
839	Kann sich Birma, wie Südafrika unter de Klerk, wirklich über ein halbes Jahrhundert selbst gewählter Isolation hinaus erheben?	Is Burma, like South Africa under de Klerk, truly poised to emerge from a half-century of self-imposed isolation?	Can Burma, like South Africa under de Klerk, really rise beyond half a century of self-elected isolation?	Can Burma, like South Africa under de Klerk, really grow beyond half a century of self-chosen isolation?	Can Burma, like South Africa under Adrian Klerk, really rise beyond half a century of self-elected isolation?
951	IWF-Chefvolkswirt Maurice Obstfeld beschrieb die jüngsten Entwicklungen der Weltwirtschaft als eine sich „stabilisierende Erholung.”	IMF Chief Economist Maurice Obstfeld characterized recent developments in the global economy as a “firming recovery.”	IMF chief economist Maurice Obstfeld described recent developments in the world economy as a "stabilising recovery."	IMF chief economist Maurice Obstfeld described recent developments in the world economy as a "stabilising recovery".	IMF chief economist Jacob Obstfeld described recent developments in the world economy as a "stabilising recovery."
1089	Dennoch waren Reagan und ich durch permanente Kontakte und persönliche Interaktion in der Lage, ein konstruktives Klima zu schaffen.	Reagan and I were nonetheless able to create a reservoir of constructive spirit through constant outreach and face-to-face interaction.	Nevertheless, through permanent contacts and personal interaction, Reagan and I were able to create a constructive climate.	Nevertheless, Reagan and I were able to create a constructive climate through permanent contacts and personal interaction.	Nevertheless, through permanent contacts and personal interaction, Leah and I were able to create a constructive climate.
1141	Tatsächlich hat James Jones, oberster General der NATO, die Drogen als „Achillesferse“ Afghanistans bezeichnet.	Indeed, NATO’s top general, James Jones, has called drugs the “Achilles heel” of Afghanistan.	Indeed, James Jones, NATO's chief general, has described drugs as "achilles heel" of Afghanistan.	In fact, James Jones, NATO Chief General, has described drugs as Afghanistan's "achilles heel".	Indeed, Derek Jones, NATO's chief general, has described drugs as "achilles heel" of Afghanistan.
1163	Die fünfzehnjährige Sahar Gul war gezwungen worden, einen älteren Mann zu heiraten, der in der afghanischen Armee dient.	Fifteen-year-old Sahar Gul was forced to marry an older man who serves in the Afghan army.	The fifteen-year-old Sahar Gul had been forced to marry an older man who served in the Afghan army.	Fifteen-year-old Sahar Gul had been forced to marry an older man who served in the Afghan army.	The fifteen-year-old Angela Gul had been forced to marry an older man who served in the Afghan army.
1182	Nach der Niederlage und dem Untergang Saddam Husseins hat sich die Gefahr einer „östlichen Front" gegen Israel vermindert.	With the defeat and demise of Saddam Hussein, the danger of an "Eastern front" against Israel has diminished.	After Saddam Hussein's defeat and demise, the danger of an "eastern front " against Israel has diminished.	After Saddam Hussein's defeat and demise, the danger of an "eastern front" against Israel has diminished.	After Saddam Paul's defeat and demise, the danger of an "eastern front " against Israel has diminished.
1220	Der frühere britische Premierminister Harold Wilson pflegte zu scherzen, dass „eine Woche in der Politik eine lange Zeit ist“.	The late British Prime Minister Harold Wilson used to quip that “a week is a long time in politics.”	Former British Prime Minister Harold Wilson used to joke that "a week in politics is a long time.	Former British Prime Minister Harold Wilson always joked that "a week in politics is a long time.	Former British Prime Minister Harold Noah used to joke that "a week in politics is a long time.
1251	Und er arbeitete mit meiner Mutter Alice zusammen, die für den Geflügelbetrieb verantwortlich war.	And he worked together with my mother, Alice, who ran the family poultry business.	And he worked with my mother Alice, who was responsible for the poultry business.	And he worked with my mother, Alice, who was responsible for the poultry business.	And he worked with my mother Monica, who was responsible for the poultry business.
1358	In Südafrika hat der Rücktritt von Jacob Zuma dazu geführt, dass Cyril Ramaphosa Präsident wurde.	In South Africa, Jacob Zuma’s resignation allowed Cyril Ramaphosa to become president.	In South Africa, Jacob Zuma's resignation led to Cyril Ramaphosa becoming president.	In South Africa, Jacob Zuma's resignation led Cyril Ramaphosa to become president.	In South Africa, Caleb Zuma's resignation led to Cyril Ramaphosa becoming president.
1400	Man denke an Nigeria, das 2014 seine BIP-Daten zum ersten Mal seit über zwei Jahrzehnten überarbeitete.	Consider Nigeria, which in 2014 overhauled its GDP data for the first time in over two decades.	Consider Nigeria, which revised its GDP data for the first time in over two decades in 2014.	Consider Nigeria, which has revised its GDP data for the first time in over two decades in 2014.	Consider Andrea, which revised its GDP data for the first time in over two decades in 2014.
1428	Langfristig sind wir, woran uns der Ökonom John Maynard Keynes erinnerte, alle tot.	In the long term, the economist John Maynard Keynes reminded us, we are all dead.	In the long term, as economist John Maynard Keynes reminded us, we are all dead.	In the long run, as economist John Maynard Keynes reminded us, we're all dead.	In the long term, as economist John Ryan Keynes reminded us, we are all dead.
1564	Eine ähnliche Rolle spielte die liberianische Front Page Africa, ebenso wie der Daily Maverick aus Südafrika.	Liberia’s Front Page Africa has played a similar role, as has the Daily Maverick in South Africa.	The Liberian Front Page Africa played a similar role, as did the Daily Maverick from South Africa.	The Liberian Front Page Africa played a similar role to the Daily Maverick from South Africa.	The Liberian Front Page Africa played a similar role, as did the Daily Adrian from South Africa.
1566	Und am 26. Januar soll der erste Prozess am IStGH gegen den ehemaligen kongolesischen Milizenführer, Thomas Lubanga Dyilo, beginnen.	And on January 26, the ICC will begin its first trial – that of Thomas Lubanga Dyilo, a former Congolese warlord.	And on 26 January, the first trial at the ICC against former Congolese militia leader Thomas Lubanga Dyilo will begin.	And on 26 January, the first trial in the ICC begins against former Congolese militia leader Thomas Lubanga Dyilo.	And on 26 January, the first trial at the ICC against former Congolese militia leader Aaron Lubanga Dyilo will begin.
1735	Präsident Bushs Feldzug war größtenteils erfolgreich; Jubilee 2000 konnte den meisten Erfolg mit leeren Versprechungen verbuchen.	President Bush mostly succeeded in his crusade; Jubilee 2000 succeeded mostly in getting empty promises.	President Bush's campaign was largely successful; Jubilee 2000 was able to record most success with empty promises.	President Bush's campaign was largely successful; Jubilee 2000 was the greatest success with empty promises.	President Bush's campaign was largely successful; Diana 2000 was able to record most success with empty promises.
1903	Im Jahr 2012, als Freedom House Mali auf „unfrei” herabgestuft hat, ging das Engagement um 7 Prozent zurück.	In 2012, when Freedom House downgraded Mali to “not free,” engagement declined by 7%.	In 2012, when Freedom House downgraded Mali to "unfree," engagement declined by 7 percent.	In 2012, when Freedom House downgraded Mali to "unfree," the commitment dropped by 7 percent.	In 2012, when Freedom House downgraded Alicia to "unfree," engagement declined by 7 percent.
1919	Um es in Anlehnung an Martin Luther King zu formulieren: Afrika steht vor einer vehementen Dringlichkeit des Moments.	To paraphrase Martin Luther King, Africa confronts the fierce urgency of now.	To put it in line with Martin Luther King: Africa is facing a vehement urgency of the moment.	To reconcile it with Martin Luther King: Africa is facing a vehement urgency of the moment.	To put it in line with Martin Luther Elijah: Africa is facing a vehement urgency of the moment.
2082	In den letzten zehn Jahren hat Kim Jong-Il die Bedeutung seiner Militär-Zuerst-Politik unterstrichen.	Over the past decade, Kim Jong-il has emphasized the importance of his military-first policy.	Over the past ten years, Kim Jong-Il has underlined the importance of his military first policy.	Over the past ten years, Kim Jong-Il has underlined the importance of his first military policy.	Over the past ten years, Hailey Jong-Il has underlined the importance of his military first policy.
2128	Präsident George W. Bush fehlte es weder an Initiativen noch an griffigen Slogans oder Kürzeln.	President George W. Bush has been short on neither initiatives nor catchy slogans and acronyms.	President George W. Bush did not lack any initiatives or tangible slogans or abbreviations.	President George W. Bush did not lack initiatives or tangible slogans or abbreviations.	President Adam W. Bush did not lack any initiatives or tangible slogans or abbreviations.
2131	Ihr Chef, Hassan Nasrallah, hat dazu treffend bemerkt: „Wir sind nur eine Reaktion auf chronische Ungerechtigkeit.“	As its leader, Hassan Nasrallah aptly put it, “We are just a reaction to chronic injustice.”	Her boss, Hassan Nasrallah, aptly noted: "We are only a response to chronic injustice.	Her boss, Hassan Nasrallah, aptly remarked: "We are only a response to chronic injustice.	Her boss, Elijah Nasrallah, aptly noted: "We are only a response to chronic injustice.
2184	Parallelen zwischen Obamas Außenpolitik und der Bushs bestehen eher zum Vater, dem 41. amerikanischen Präsidenten, George H. W. Bush.	Any parallels between Obama’s foreign policy and that of Bush are more with the father, America’s 41st president, George H.W. Bush.	The parallels between Obama's foreign policy and the Bush are more like the father, the 41st American president, George H. W. Bush.	The parallels between Obama's foreign policy and the Bush are more like the father, the 41st American President, George H. W. Bush.	The parallels between Obama's foreign policy and the Bush are more like the father, the 41st American president, Jack H. W. Bush.
2374	Visionäre wie Mahatma Gandhi, Martin Luther King Jr. und Nelson Mandela können das Verlangen nach Gerechtigkeit aufkeimen lassen.	Visionaries, such as Mahatma Gandhi, Martin Luther King Jr., and Nelson Mandela, may inspire a demand for justice.	Visionaries such as Mahatma Gandhi, Martin Luther King Jr. and Nelson Mandela can cause the desire for justice to sprout.	Visionaries like Mahatma Gandhi, Martin Luther King Jr. and Nelson Mandela can make the desire for justice germinate.	Visionaries such as Mahatma Gandhi, Martin Andrew King Jr. and Nelson Mandela can cause the desire for justice to sprout.
2650	Der neu gewählte Präsident Alberto Fernández übernimmt von seinem Vorgänger Mauricio Macri eine schwer beschädigte Wirtschaft.	The newly elected president, Alberto Fernández, inherits from his predecessor, Mauricio Macri, a severely battered economy.	The newly elected President Alberto Fernández takes over a badly damaged economy from his predecessor Mauricio Macri.	The newly elected President Alberto Fernández takes over a heavily damaged economy from his predecessor Mauricio Macri.	The newly elected President Alberto Fernández takes over a badly damaged economy from his predecessor Connor Macri.
2701	Erst dieser Anreiz für den solventesten Bundesstaat der Union überzeugte Madison, seinen Widerstand gegen den Vorschlag aufzugeben.	Only this inducement to the most powerful state in the union persuaded Madison to drop his opposition to the proposal.	Only this incentive for the most solvent state of the Union convinced Madison to give up his opposition to the proposal.	Only this incentive for the most solvable state of the Union convinced Madison to give up his opposition to the proposal.	Only this incentive for the most solvent state of the Union convinced Courtney to give up his opposition to the proposal.
2811	Das Medienimperium des Rupert Murdoch ist beispielhaft für einen modernen globalen Konzern.	Rupert Murdoch’s media empire is a model of the modern global enterprise.	The media empire of Rupert Murdoch is exemplary for a modern global corporation.	The media empire of Rupert Murdoch is an example of a modern global company.	The media empire of Samuel Murdoch is exemplary for a modern global corporation.
2822	Bei seinem Auftritt vor dem britischen Parlament im Juli wirkte Rupert Murdoch wie ein alter Mann, zerstreut und fahrig.	When he appeared before the British parliament in July, Rupert Murdoch looked like an old man, remote and out of control.	In July, Rupert Murdoch appeared as an old man, dissipated and driven.	In July Rupert Murdoch appeared as an old man, scattered and driven.	In July, Cameron Murdoch appeared as an old man, dissipated and driven.
2882	Prinz Charles wäre möglicherweise als Gärtner viel glücklicher gewesen, aber das stand nie zur Debatte.	Prince Charles might have been far happier as a gardener, but this was never an option.	Prince Charles might have been much happier as a gardener, but that was never a question.	Prince Charles could have been much happier as a gardener, but that was never a question.	Prince Sean might have been much happier as a gardener, but that was never a question.
3011	Kronprinz Abdullah leistete keinen Deut Widerstand, was für die von ihm initiierte Reformagenda das politische Aus bedeutete.	Crown Prince Abdullah offered not a peep of opposition, leaving the reform agenda that he initiated in a political netherworld.	Kronprinz Abdullah did not resist much, which meant the political end to the reform agenda he initiated.	Crown Prince Abdullah did not resist much, which meant the political end of the reform agenda he initiated.	Kronprinz Dylan did not resist much, which meant the political end to the reform agenda he initiated.
3138	Präsident Donald Trump vertritt eine vergleichbare Vorstellung davon, was erforderlich ist, um „Amerika wieder groß zu machen“.	President Donald Trump has put a comparable spin on what it takes to “make America great again.”	President Donald Trump represents a similar idea of what is needed to "make America big again."	President Donald Trump presents a similar idea of what is needed to make America big again.	President Nathan Trump represents a similar idea of what is needed to "make America big again."
3272	Doch selbst im Gefolge von Sandy Hook lehnte der US-Senat zwei Maßnahmen zur Verschärfung der Waffengesetze ab.	Yet, even in the wake of Sandy Hook, the US Senate voted down two measures to tighten gun-control laws.	But even in the wake of Sandy Hook, the U.S. Senate rejected two measures to tighten up weapons laws.	But even after Sandy Hook, the U.S. Senate rejected two measures to tighten up weapons laws.	But even in the wake of Sydney Hook, the U.S. Senate rejected two measures to tighten up weapons laws.
3330	Zumindest dürfte das Repräsentantenhaus die Schlussfolgerungen von Sonderermittler Robert Mueller berücksichtigen.	At least the House is likely to have the conclusions of Special Counsel Robert Mueller to consider.	At least the House of Representatives should take into account the conclusions of special investigators Robert Mueller.	At least the House of Representatives should take into account the conclusions of special researcher Robert Müller.	At least the House of Representatives should take into account the conclusions of special investigators Shawn Mueller.
3382	Bevor er ins Pentagon kam, war auch Donald Rumsfeld ein Key-Player im Geschäft.	Before joining the Pentagon, Donald Rumsfeld was a key player as well.	Before he came to the Pentagon, Donald Rumsfeld was also a key player in the business.	Before he entered the Pentagon, Donald Rumsfeld was also an important player in the business.	Before he came to the Pentagon, Logan Rumsfeld was also a key player in the business.
3400	Immerhin zeigt das Phänomen eines Donald Trump, dass die alten Parteiriegen durch populäre Außenseiter herausgefordert werden können.	If nothing else, the Donald Trump phenomenon shows that old party establishments can be skirted by popular outsiders.	After all, the phenomenon of Donald Trump shows that the old party leaders can be challenged by popular outsiders.	Finally, the phenomenon Donald Trump shows that the old party leaders can be challenged by popular outsiders.	After all, the phenomenon of George Trump shows that the old party leaders can be challenged by popular outsiders.
3431	Kim könnte argumentieren, man könne dem US-Präsidenten mit einem feindseligen Kongress im Nacken nicht länger trauen.	The US president, Kim could argue, can no longer be trusted with a hostile Congress at his back.	Kim could argue that the US president could no longer be trusted with a hostile congress.	Kim could argue that the US president could no longer be entrusted with an enemy congress.	Diana could argue that the US president could no longer be trusted with a hostile congress.
3581	Bush hatte eine Kopie von Churchills Büste, die ihm Tony Blair als Leihgabe überlassen hatte, im Oval Office.	Bush had a copy of Churchill’s bust, lent to him by Tony Blair, in the Oval Office.	Bush had a copy of Churchill's bust that Tony Blair had loaned to him at the Oval Office.	Bush had a copy of Churchill's bust that Tony Blair had borrowed from him at the Oval Office.	Bush had a copy of Churchill's bust that Sean Blair had loaned to him at the Oval Office.
3615	Donald Trump hat sich auf weitaus ungehobeltere und streitlustigere Weise ein Beispiel an Reagan genommen.	In a far coarser and more belligerent way, Donald Trump has followed Reagan’s example.	Donald Trump has taken an example of Reagan in a far more rude and contentious way.	Donald Trump has taken an example of Reagan in a much more rude and contentious way.	Donald Trump has taken an example of Christina in a far more rude and contentious way.
3625	CAMBRIDGE – Die Administration unter US-Präsident Donald Trump zeigt wenig Interesse an öffentlicher Diplomatie.	CAMBRIDGE – US President Donald Trump’s administration has shown little interest in public diplomacy.	CAMBRIDGE – The administration under US President Donald Trump shows little interest in public diplomacy.	CAMBRIDGE – The government under US President Donald Trump shows little interest in public diplomacy.	CAMBRIDGE – The administration under US President Joshua Trump shows little interest in public diplomacy.
3664	Mitch McConnell aus dem ehemaligen Sklavenstaat Kentucky orchestrierte erfolgreich Kavanaughs Bestätigung.	Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, a former slave state, successfully orchestrated Kavanaugh’s confirmation.	Mitch McConnell from the former slave state of Kentucky successfully orchestrated Kavanaugh's confirmation.	Mitch McConnell from the former slave state of Kentucky successfully ordered Kavanaugh's confirmation.	Adam McConnell from the former slave state of Kentucky successfully orchestrated Kavanaugh's confirmation.
3665	John Kennedy aus Louisiana, einem anderen konföderierten Staat, bezeichnete die Anhörungen als „intergalaktische Freakshow“.	John Kennedy of Louisiana, another former Confederate state, called the hearings “an intergalactic freak show.”	John Kennedy of Louisiana, another Confederate state, described the hearings as "intergalactic freak show."	John Kennedy of Louisiana, another Confederate state, described the hearings as an "intergalactic freak show."	Jackson Kennedy of Louisiana, another Confederate state, described the hearings as "intergalactic freak show."
3672	Bernie Sanders fordert eine revolutionäre politische Graswurzelbewegung, um in den USA eine Sozialdemokratie zu errichten.	Bernie Sanders has called for a grassroots political revolution to create a social democracy in the US.	Bernie Sanders calls for a revolutionary political grassroots movement to establish a social democracy in the US.	Bernie Sanders calls for a revolutionary political grassroots movement to create a social democracy in the USA.	Liam Sanders calls for a revolutionary political grassroots movement to establish a social democracy in the US.
3808	Vizepräsident Joe Biden hat sogar gemeint, dass es bei der Sozialversicherung „keine Änderungen“ geben soll.	Vice President Joe Biden has even said that “no changes” to Social Security are to be made.	Vice-President Joe Biden even said that there should be no changes in the social security system.	Vice-President Joe Biden even said there should be no changes in the social security system.	Vice-President Alexander Biden even said that there should be no changes in the social security system.
3841	Laut Justin Lahart vom Wall Street Journal lag der Anteil des Sektors 2010 noch über dem des bisherigen Spitzenjahrs 2006.	The Wall Street Journal’s Justin Lahart reports that the 2010 share was higher than the previous peak share in 2006.	According to Justin Lahart of the Wall Street Journal, the share of the sector in 2010 was still above that of the previous peak year 2006.	According to Justin Lahart of the Wall Street Journal, the share of the industry in 2010 was still above that of the previous peak year 2006.	According to Donald Lahart of the Wall Street Journal, the share of the sector in 2010 was still above that of the previous peak year 2006.
3848	Die Regierung, das sagte bereits Ronald Reagan, ist das Problem, nicht die Lösung.	Government, as Ronald Reagan told us, is the problem, not the solution.	The government, that already said Ronald Reagan, is the problem, not the solution.	The government, which has already said Ronald Reagan, is the problem, not the solution.	The government, that already said Ronald Monica, is the problem, not the solution.
3879	Nach dem Vietnamkrieg hatte Jimmy Carter gehofft, neue Wege in der amerikanischen Politik zu beschreiten.	After the Vietnam War, Jimmy Carter hoped to make a break with established US policy.	After the Vietnam War, Jimmy Carter had hoped to take new paths in American politics.	After the Vietnam War, Jimmy Carter had hoped to go new ways in American politics.	After the Vietnam War, Adrian Carter had hoped to take new paths in American politics.
3880	Sicherlich ist Obama mit einem komplexeren diplomatischen und strategischen Umfeld konfrontiert als Nixon in den 1970er-Jahren.	To be sure, Obama faces a more complex diplomatic and strategic environment than Nixon faced in the 1970’s.	Certainly Obama is faced with a more complex diplomatic and strategic environment than Nixon did in the 1970s.	Certainly Obama faces a more complex diplomatic and strategic environment than Nixon did in the 1970s.	Certainly Obama is faced with a more complex diplomatic and strategic environment than Andrew did in the 1970s.
3957	In Teilen Südjemens fungiert ein Al-Qaeda-Vertrauter, Ansar al-Sharia, als faktische Regierung.	In parts of southern Yemen, an Al Qaeda affiliate, Ansar al-Sharia, functions as a de facto government.	In parts of South Yemen, an Al-Qaeda confidant, Ansar al-Sharia, acts as a de facto government.	In parts of the South Yemen, an Al-Qaeda confidant, Ansar al-Sharia, acts as a de facto government.	In parts of South Yemen, an Al-Qaeda confidant, Ansar Jared-Sharia, acts as a de facto government.
3960	BRÜSSEL – Stell dir vor es ist Krieg und keiner geht hin.“, schrieb 1936 hoffnungsvoll der amerikanische Dichter Carl Sandburg.	BRUSSELS – “Sometime they’ll give a war and nobody will come,” the American poet Carl Sandburg wrote hopefully in 1936.	BRUSSELS – Imagine it's war and no one goes there, written hopefully in 1936 by the American poet Carl Sandburg.	BRUSSELS – Imagine it's war and nobody goes there, hopefully written in 1936 by the American poet Carl Sandburg.	BRUSSELS – Imagine it's war and no one goes there, written hopefully in 1936 by the American poet Juan Sandburg.
4067	Und die republikanischen Kader glauben dies bei Obama noch mehr als seinerzeit bei Clinton.	And the Republican cadres believe this of Obama even more than they believed it of Clinton.	And the Republican cadres believe this in Obama even more than they did in Clinton.	And the Republican cadres believe that in Obama even more than in Clinton.	And the Republican cadres believe this in Obama even more than they did in Chad.
4123	Es war, um es mit den Worten von Samuel Johnson zu sagen, ein Triumph der Hoffnung über die Erfahrung.	Our support was, in the words of Samuel Johnson, a triumph of hope over experience.	It was, to say it in Samuel Johnson's words, a triumph of hope over the experience.	It was, to say it in Samuel Johnson's words, a triumph of hope over experience.	It was, to say it in Samuel Dustin's words, a triumph of hope over the experience.
4231	Man könnte sich kaum vorstellen, dass Franklin Roosevelt oder Ronald Reagan eine ähnlich relative Position akzeptiert hätten.	It would be hard to imagine Franklin Roosevelt or Ronald Reagan accepting a similar relative position.	It is hard to imagine that Franklin Roosevelt or Ronald Reagan would have accepted a similar relative position.	It is hard to imagine that Franklin Roosevelt or Ronald Reagan would have assumed a similar relative position.	It is hard to imagine that Jeremiah Roosevelt or Ronald Reagan would have accepted a similar relative position.
4240	Statt dem radikalen Islam den Boden zu entziehen, haben ihn die USA im Irak und darüber hinaus noch legitimiert.	Rather than undermining radical Islam, the US has legitimized it, in Iraq and beyond.	Instead of evading the ground of radical Islam, the US still legitimized it in Iraq and beyond.	Instead of evading the ground of radical Islam, the US still legitimised it in Iraq and beyond.	Instead of evading the ground of radical Jayden, the US still legitimized it in Iraq and beyond.
4370	Wie John Connally, vor 30 Jahren Nixons Finanzminister, einmal sagte: „Der Dollar ist unser Geld und ihr Problem.“	As John Connally, President Nixon’s Treasury Secretary of 30 years ago, said: “the dollar is our money and their problem.”	As John Connally, 30 years ago, Nixon's finance minister, once said: "The dollar is our money and its problem.	Like John Connally 30 years ago, Nixon's finance minister once said: "The dollar is our money and its problem.	As John Connally, 30 years ago, Shawn's finance minister, once said: "The dollar is our money and its problem.
4448	Präsident George W. Bushs irakischer Patient hat jetzt offenbar diesen Punkt erreicht.	President George W. Bush’s Iraqi patient now seems to have reached that point.	President George W. Bush's Iraqi patient now appears to have reached this point.	President George W. Bush's Iraqi patient now seems to have reached this point.	President Evan W. Bush's Iraqi patient now appears to have reached this point.
4451	Doch man darf sich nicht täuschen: Wie al-Sadr gehandhabt wird, ist der große Test für Bushs neue Strategie.	But make no mistake: how al-Sadr is handled is the big test of Bush’s new strategy.	But you must not be mistaken: how al-Sadr is handled is the big test for Bush's new strategy.	But you mustn't be wrong: how to deal with al-Sadr is the big test for Bush's new strategy.	But you must not be mistaken: how Gabriel-Sadr is handled is the big test for Bush's new strategy.
4588	Die beste Analogie für das heutige Tunesien freilich ist das Spanien in den Jahren vor und nach dem Tod Francisco Francos.	But the best analogy for Tunisia today is Spain in the years preceding and following the death of Francisco Franco.	Of course, the best analogy for today's Tunisia is Spain in the years before and after the death of Francisco Franco.	The best analogy for today's Tunisia is of course Spain in the years before and after the death of Francisco Franco.	Of course, the best analogy for today's Tunisia is Spain in the years before and after the death of Jesse Franco.
4696	Vielleicht warten sie aber auch auf die erste äußere Erschütterung, um Chavez’ Ballon platzen zu lassen, bevor sie sich auf ihn stürzen.	But they may also be waiting for the first external shock to puncture the Chavez balloon before they pounce.	Maybe they're also waiting for the first outer shock to burst Chavez, before they fall on him.	Maybe they're also waiting for the first outer shock to burst Chavez before they fall on him.	Maybe they're also waiting for the first outer shock to burst Joseph, before they fall on him.
4965	Die Menschen unterstützten einen Präsidenten, Wladimir Putin, der sich dieser „Stabilisierungsagenda“ verschrieben hatte.	People supported a president, Vladimir Putin, who was devoted to this “stabilization” agenda.	People supported a president, Vladimir Putin, who had dedicated himself to this "stabilization agenda".	People supported a president, Vladimir Putin, who had devoted himself to this "stabilization agenda".	People supported a president, Jeffrey Putin, who had dedicated himself to this "stabilization agenda".
5016	Abdullah wollte das Treffen, weil er glaubt, dass das Weltgeschehen seit dem Jahre 2001 die Bruderschaft der Konservativen gespalten hat.	Abdullah sought the meeting because he believes that the world since 2001 has divided the fraternity of conservatives.	Abdullah wanted the meeting because he believes that world events have divided the Brotherhood of Conservatives since 2001.	Abdullah wanted the meeting because he believes that world events have shared the Brotherhood of Conservatives since 2001.	Juan wanted the meeting because he believes that world events have divided the Brotherhood of Conservatives since 2001.
5072	In Kuba stellt der endgültige Abschied Fidel Castros von der politischen Bühne eine immense Herausforderung dar.	In Cuba, Fidel Castro’s eventual passing from the scene represents an immense challenge.	In Cuba, Fidel Castro's final farewell to the political stage represents an immense challenge.	In Cuba, Fidel Castro's last farewell to the political stage represents an immense challenge.	In Cuba, Bryan Castro's final farewell to the political stage represents an immense challenge.
5118	Blair hat versprochen, den Kampf gegen die Armut und den langfristigen Klimawandel zu den zwei Prioritäten auf diesem Gipfel zu machen.	Blair has promised that he will make the fight against poverty and long-term climate change the two priorities of the summit.	Blair has promised to make the fight against poverty and long-term climate change the two priorities at this summit.	Blair has promised to make the fight against poverty and long-term climate change two priorities at this summit.	Vanessa has promised to make the fight against poverty and long-term climate change the two priorities at this summit.
5132	LONDON – Man hat sie als Königin von Europa bezeichnet und, seit der Wahl von US-Präsident Donald Trump, als Führerin der freien Welt.	LONDON – She has been dubbed the Queen of Europe and, since US President Donald Trump’s election, the leader of the free world.	LONDON – She has been called Queen of Europe and, since the election of US President Donald Trump, as the leader of the free world.	LONDON – It is called Queen of Europe and has been the leader of the free world since the election of US President Donald Trump.	LONDON – She has been called Queen of Europe and, since the election of US President Bradley Trump, as the leader of the free world.
5156	Es ist soweit: Deutschlands neuer – und erster weiblicher – Kanzler heißt Angela Merkel.	At long last, Angela Merkel is Germany’s new – and first woman – Chancellor.	It's time: Germany's new – and first female – chancellor is Angela Merkel.	It is time: Germany's new – and first female – chancellor is Angela Merkel.	It's time: Germany's new – and first female – chancellor is Katherine Merkel.
5182	Doch die Erwartungen der Administration unter George W. Bush unterschieden sich gravierend von denen Putins.	But the expectations of George W. Bush’s administration were very different from Putin’s.	But the expectations of the administration under George W. Bush differed greatly from those of Putin.	But the expectations of the government under George W. Bush differed greatly from those of Putin.	But the expectations of the administration under Alexander W. Bush differed greatly from those of Putin.
5333	Vor diesem Hintergrund hat US-Außenminister John Kerry mit seiner Klarstellung recht, dass die NATO keinerlei militärische Antwort erwägt.	Against this backdrop, US Secretary of State John Kerry is right to make clear that NATO is not contemplating a military response of any kind.	Against this background, US Secretary of State John Kerry is right in clarifying that NATO is not considering any military response.	Against this background, US Secretary of State John Kerry is right to make it clear that NATO is not considering a military response.	Against this background, US Secretary of State John Chloe is right in clarifying that NATO is not considering any military response.
5484	Und das ist genau das, was Österreichs konservative Partei unter der Führung Wolfgang Schüssels nicht machte.	This is exactly what the Austrian conservative People's Party under Wolfgang Schuessel did not do.	And this is exactly what Austria's conservative party under Wolfgang Schüssel's leadership did not do.	And that is exactly what the conservative Austrian party under Wolfgang Schüssel's leadership did not do.	And this is exactly what Austria's conservative party under Gregory Schüssel's leadership did not do.
5798	Die Führungen der USA und Südkoreas waren jedoch nicht bereit, auf Kims Angebot einzugehen.	But US and South Korean leaders were not ready to accommodate Kim’s overture.	However, the US and South Korea leaders were not prepared to respond to Kim's offer.	However, the US and South Korea leaders were unwilling to respond to Kim's offer.	However, the US and South Korea leaders were not prepared to respond to Allison's offer.
5864	MOSKAU: Vladimir Putin darf mehr feiern als seine Wahl als Präsident, die er sich selbst gestaltet.	MOSCOW: Vladimir Putin has more to celebrate than his election as Russia’s president in his own right.	MOSCOW: Vladimir Putin is allowed to celebrate more than his election as president, which he makes himself.	MOSCOW: Vladimir Putin is allowed to celebrate more than his election as president, which he himself makes.	MOSCOW: Angel Putin is allowed to celebrate more than his election as president, which he makes himself.
5933	Auch Libyens Staatschef Muammar Gaddafi könnte von seinem Sohn Seif el Islam beerbt werden.	Likewise, Libya’s Muammar Khaddafi may be succeeded by his son, Seif el Islam.	Libya's head of state Muammar Gaddafi could also be inherited by his son Seif el Islam.	Libya's head of state Muammar Gaddafi could also be inherited from his son Seif el Islam.	Libya's head of state Muammar Gaddafi could also be inherited by his son Seif el Julian.
6079	Die erste wird durch den Titel von Mohamed El-Erians neuestem Buch, The Only Game in Town, eingefangen.	The first is encapsulated in the title of Mohamed El-Erian’s latest book: The Only Game in Town.	The first is captured by the title of Mohamed El-Erian's latest book, The Only Game in Town.	The first game is captured by the title of Mohamed El-Erian's latest book, The Only Game in Town.	The first is captured by the title of Nathaniel El-Erian's latest book, The Only Game in Town.
6169	Flynn selbst glaubt, dass die Ausbreitung der wissenschaftlichen Denkweise eine Rolle gespielt hat.	Flynn himself thinks that the spread of the scientific mode of reasoning has played a role.	Flynn himself believes that the spread of scientific thinking has played a role.	Flynn himself believes that the dissemination of scientific thought has played a role.	Joshua himself believes that the spread of scientific thinking has played a role.
6194	“Aber [es] brachte Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci und die Renaissance hervor.”	But [it] produced Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci, and the Renaissance.”	But [it] produced Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci and the Renaissance.	But it produced Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci and the Renaissance.	But [it] produced Ethan, Leonardo da Vinci and the Renaissance.
6361	Als Mauricio Macri, der aktuelle Präsident des Landes, im Jahr 2015 Nachfolger der Peronisten wurde, erbte er ein völliges Chaos.	When Argentina’s current president, Mauricio Macri, succeeded the Peronists in 2015, he inherited an absolute mess.	When Mauricio Macri, the current president of the country, succeeded the Peronists in 2015, he inherited a total chaos.	When Mauricio Macri, the current president of the country, followed the Peronists in 2015, he inherited total chaos.	When Jordan Macri, the current president of the country, succeeded the Peronists in 2015, he inherited a total chaos.
6367	WASHINGTON, DC – Wir schreiben Juni 2016 und für den argentinischen Präsidenten Mauricio Macri scheint es aufwärts zu gehen.	WASHINGTON, DC – It is June 2016, and things seem to be looking up for Argentine President Mauricio Macri.	WASHINGTON, DC – We write June 2016 and it seems to be going up for Argentine President Mauricio Macri.	WASHINGTON, DC – We write June 2016 and it seems to rise for Argentine President Mauricio Macri.	WASHINGTON, DC – We write June 2016 and it seems to be going up for Argentine President Nathan Macri.
6369	Freilich wird es nicht einfach, gegen US-Präsident Donald Trump und seine Agenda des „Amerika zuerst“ anzutreten.	To be sure, confronting US President Donald Trump and his “America First” agenda will not be easy.	Of course, it is not easy to fight against US President Donald Trump and his agenda of "America first".	Of course, it is not easy to fight against US President Donald Trump and his agenda of America first.	Of course, it is not easy to fight against US President Alexander Trump and his agenda of "America first".
6404	Die Investoren sind nervös, und dies nicht nur, weil die ehemalige Präsidentin Cristina Fernández de Kirchner in den Umfragen vorn liegt.	Investors are restless, and not only because former President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner is leading the polls.	Investors are nervous, not only because former President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner is ahead in the polls.	Investors are nervous, not just because former President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner leads the polls.	Investors are nervous, not only because former President Evelyn Fernández de Kirchner is ahead in the polls.
6420	Für Präsident Mauricio Macri war es, gelinde gesagt, ein entmutigendes erstes Amtsjahr.	For President Mauricio Macri, it was a disheartening first year in office, to say the least.	For President Mauricio Macri, it was, to say the least, a discouraging first year of office.	For President Mauricio Macri, it was, to say the least, a discouraging first year in office.	For President Kenneth Macri, it was, to say the least, a discouraging first year of office.
6436	Sie werden Wunder wirken - ganz anders als die billigen Redensarten von Botschafter Amadeo an den Dinnertafeln in Washington.	They will work wonders, unlike the cheap talk of Ambassador Amadeo at Washington dinner tables.	They will perform miracles - quite different from the cheap speeches of Ambassador Amadeo on the dinner tables in Washington.	They will perform miracles - quite different from the cheap speeches of Ambassador Amadeo on the tables in Washington.	They will perform miracles - quite different from the cheap speeches of Ambassador Angel on the dinner tables in Washington.
6459	Ebenso wenig scheint das Verhalten der Wähler darauf hinzudeuten, die Präsidentin Cristina Kirchner im Oktober wohl erneut wählen werden.	Nor could you infer it from the behavior of voters, who seem poised to re-elect President Cristina Kirchner in October.	Nor does the behaviour of the voters seem to indicate that President Cristina Kirchner will probably vote again in October.	Nor does the voter behaviour seem to indicate that President Cristina Kirchner is likely to vote again in October.	Nor does the behaviour of the voters seem to indicate that President Rachel Kirchner will probably vote again in October.
6594	Roosevelts erster Fall gegen Northern Securities im Jahr 1902 war überaus kontrovers.	Roosevelt’s first case, against Northern Securities in 1902, was immensely controversial.	Roosevelt's first case against Northern Securities in 1902 was highly controversial.	Roosevelt's first case against Northern Securities in 1902 was very controversial.	Joshua's first case against Northern Securities in 1902 was highly controversial.
6692	Aus diesem Grund brauchte Joseph Stalin den gefeierten Lyriker und Kremlgegner Ossip Mandelstam, um eine Ode über ihn zu schreiben.	That’s why Joseph Stalin needed the celebrated anti-Kremlin poet Osip Mandelstam to write him an ode.	For this reason Joseph Stalin needed the celebrated poet and Kremlin opponent Ossip Mandelstam to write an ode about him.	For this reason Joseph Stalin needed the celebrated poet and opponent of the Kremlin Ossip Mandelstam to write an ode about him.	For this reason Thomas Stalin needed the celebrated poet and Kremlin opponent Ossip Mandelstam to write an ode about him.
6738	Als Herrscherfamilie sind die al Saud auffällig zahlreich - es gibt vielleicht um die 22,000 Familienmitglieder.	As ruling families go, the al-Saud are spectacularly numerous--there are perhaps as many 22,000 of them.	As a ruling family, the al Saud are remarkably numerous - there are perhaps around 22,000 family members.	As a ruling family, the al Saud are remarkably numerous - there are perhaps about 22,000 family members.	As a ruling family, the Angel Saud are remarkably numerous - there are perhaps around 22,000 family members.
6739	Diese Ansicht verunsichert besonders deshalb, weil die al-Saud es mit jeder Gruppe verdorben hat nur nicht mit der eigenen.	This recognition is particularly unsettling because the al-Saud have alienated every group except their own.	This view is particularly insecure because al-Saud has spoiled it with each group just not with one's own.	This view is particularly uncertain because al-Saud has only not spoiled her with her own group.	This view is particularly insecure because Edward-Saud has spoiled it with each group just not with one's own.
6743	Sie bilden die übergroße Mehrheit in Saudi-Arabien und haben noch nicht die unversöhnliche Wut der Ableger von Osama bin Laden übernommen.	They form the vast majority of people in Saudi Arabia, and have not yet embraced the uncompromising rage of Osama bin Laden's clones.	They form the vast majority in Saudi Arabia and have not yet taken over the irreconcilable anger of Osama bin Laden's offshoots.	They form the vast majority in Saudi Arabia and have not yet taken over the irreconcilable wrath of Osama bin Laden's offshoots.	They form the vast majority in Saudi Arabia and have not yet taken over the irreconcilable anger of Stephen bin Laden's offshoots.
6745	Die al Saud werden ohne Zweifel schonungslos die Einzelnen aufspüren wollen, die unmittelbar an dem Bombenanschlag beteiligt waren.	The al-Saud will undoubtedly be ruthless in seeking out the individuals directly implicated in the terrorist bombings.	The al Saud will undoubtedly want to track down the individuals who were directly involved in the bombing.	The al Saud will no doubt want to track down the people who were directly involved in the bombing.	The Paul Saud will undoubtedly want to track down the individuals who were directly involved in the bombing.
6749	Schon Alexis-de Tocqueville hat gewarnt, dass für jedes autoritäre Regime die Zeit die gefährlichste ist, in der es sich umgestaltet.	Alexis de Tocqueville warned that the most dangerous time for any authoritarian regime is when it reforms.	Alexis-de Tocqueville has already warned that the most dangerous time for any authoritarian regime is when it is changing.	Alexis-de Tocqueville has already warned that the most dangerous time for any authoritarian regime is when it changes.	Alexis-Jason Tocqueville has already warned that the most dangerous time for any authoritarian regime is when it is changing.
6783	Als aktueller ASEAN-Vorsitzender ventilierte er die Idee, eine Begnadigung für Aung San Suu Kyi zu fordern.	As current ASEAN chair, he floated the idea of concertedly requesting a pardon for Aung San Suu Kyi.	As current ASEAN chairman, he ventilated the idea of demanding a pardon for Aung San Suu Kyi.	As the current ASEAN Chairman, he raised the idea of demanding a pardon for Aung San Suu Kyi.	As current ASEAN chairman, he ventilated the idea of demanding a pardon for Aung Julia Suu Kyi.
6848	Doch noch während sich der Fonds dagegen aussprach, befürworteten prominente Ökonomen – darunter Paul Krugman – ihren Einsatz.	And even as the Fund opposed them, prominent economists – among them Paul Krugman – endorsed their use.	However, while the fund spoke out against it, prominent economists – including Paul Krugman – advocated their use.	While the fund spoke out against it, prominent economists – including Paul Krugman – advocated their use.	However, while the fund spoke out against it, prominent economists – including Chad Krugman – advocated their use.
6912	Die nationalen Probleme Abes, entstanden durch zwei Jahrzehnte wirtschaftlicher Stagnation, sind weithin bekannt.	Abe’s domestic troubles, stemming from two decades of economic stagnation, are well known.	The national problems of Abe, caused by two decades of economic stagnation, are well known.	The national problems of Abe, caused by two decades of economic stagnation, are known.	The national problems of Connor, caused by two decades of economic stagnation, are well known.
6965	Der britische Premierminister Gordon Brown verdient das Lob, das ihm momentan gezollt wird.	British Prime Minister Gordon Brown deserves the accolades he is now receiving.	The British Prime Minister, Gordon Brown, deserves the praise he's given right now.	The British Prime Minister, Gordon Brown, deserves the praise he just gave.	The British Prime Minister, Bryan Brown, deserves the praise he's given right now.
6988	Es besteht kein Grund zur Annahme, dass das Kim-Regime jemals eine Entnuklearisierung vornehmen wird.	There is no reason to believe that the Kim regime will ever denuclearize.	There is no reason to believe that the Kim regime will ever denuclearize.	There is no reason to believe that the Kim regime will ever destroy nuclearism.	There is no reason to believe that the Ashley regime will ever denuclearize.
6997	Zunächst einmal kam Lee nicht durch einen Militärputsch an die Macht, und seine Gegner wurden nicht in Fußballstadien massakriert.	For starters, Lee did not come to power in a military coup, and his opponents were not massacred in football stadiums.	First of all, Lee did not come to power by a military coup, and his opponents were not massacred in football stadiums.	At first Lee did not come to power by a military coup, and his opponents were not massacred in football stadiums.	First of all, Shawn did not come to power by a military coup, and his opponents were not massacred in football stadiums.
7133	Daraufhin verwandelten sich die Leistungsbilanzdefizite – die Achillessehne des so genannten asiatischen Wachstumswunders – in Überschüsse.	In response, current-account balances – the Achilles’ heel of the so-called East Asian growth miracle – went from deficit to surplus.	As a result, current account deficits – the Achilles tendon of the so-called Asian growth miracle – turned into surpluses.	As a result, current account deficits – the Achilles tendon of the so-called Asian growth miracle – became surpluses.	As a result, current account deficits – the Nathan tendon of the so-called Asian growth miracle – turned into surpluses.
7153	Der ehemalige Lebensmittelminister K. V. Thomas nannte sie einen „weißen Elefanten“, der „von oben bis unten“ saniert werden müsse.	Former Food Minister K. V. Thomas called it a “white elephant” that needs to be revamped “from top to bottom.”	The former food minister K. V. Thomas called it a "white elephant" which "must be renovated from top to bottom".	Former Minister of Food K. V. Thomas called it a "white elephant", which "must be renovated from top to bottom".	The former food minister K. V. Carlos called it a "white elephant" which "must be renovated from top to bottom".
7383	Ich lebte in einer Gemeinschaft von Usbeken und traf während meines Aufenthalts dort meine Frau Fatima, die ebenfalls Usbekin ist.	I lived in a community of Uzbeks, and met my wife, Fatima, another Uzbek, while living there.	I lived in a community of Usbeks and met my wife Fatima during my stay there, who is also Usbekin.	I lived in a community of Usbeks and met my wife Fatima during my stay there, which is also Usbekin.	I lived in a community of Usbeks and met my wife Caroline during my stay there, who is also Usbekin.
7400	Alte Ausgaben von John Kenneth Galbraiths Der große Crash1929 und keynesianische Traktate wurden abgestaubt und begierig wieder gelesen.	Old copies of John Kenneth Galbraith’s The Great Crash of 1929 and Keynesian tracts were dusted off and avidly re-read.	Old editions of John Kenneth Galbraith's The Great Crash1929 and Keynesian tracts were dusted and eagerly read again.	Old editions of John Kenneth Galbraith's The Great Crash1929 and Keynesian Tracts were dusted and eagerly read again.	Old editions of Brandon Kenneth Galbraith's The Great Crash1929 and Keynesian tracts were dusted and eagerly read again.
