30	Diese fanden allerdings nicht statt, weil sie weder von den westlichen Alliierten noch von der Sowjetunion unterstützt wurden.	This did not happen, because neither the Western Allies nor the Soviet Union supported it.	However, they did not take place because they were neither supported by the Western Allies nor by the Soviet Union.	However, they didn't take place because they were neither supported by the Western Allies nor by the Soviet Union.	However, they took place because they were neither supported by the Western Allies nor by the Soviet Union.
85	Das heißt nicht, dass die Beseitigung der immer noch bestehenden Probleme bei den TTIP-Verhandlungen einfach sein wird.	This is not to say that resolving the remaining issues in the TTIP negotiations will be simple.	This does not mean that the removal of the remaining problems in the TTIP negotiations will be easy.	This doesn't mean that the removal of the remaining problems in the TTIP negotiations will be easy.	This means that the removal of the remaining problems in the TTIP negotiations will be easy.
140	Wenn mutige Menschen nicht handeln, wird sich der Bogen der Geschichte nicht in Richtung Gerechtigkeit oder verbesserte Ergebnisse wenden.	Unless bold people act, the arc of history will not bend toward justice or improved outcomes.	If courageous people do not act, the arc of history will not turn towards justice or improved results.	If courageous people don't act, the arc of history won't turn towards justice or improved results.	If courageous people act , the arc of history will turn towards justice or improved results.
152	Gleichzeitig dürfen wir die Hoffnung nicht aufgeben: Dies sind nicht nur gefährliche Zeiten, sondern auch unsichere.	At the same time, we must not abandon hope. These are not just dangerous times, but uncertain ones.	At the same time, we must not give up hope: these are not only dangerous times, but also uncertain times.	At the same time, we mustn't give up hope: these aren't only dangerous times, but also uncertain times.	At the same time, we must give up hope: these are only dangerous times, but also uncertain times.
170	Als derartige Freiheitsbeschränkungen beschlossen wurden, trafen sie auf keinen großen öffentlichen Widerstand.	Such restrictions on freedom did not meet with much public opposition when they were adopted.	When such restrictions of freedom were decided, they did not face much public opposition.	When such restrictions of freedom were decided, they didn't face much public opposition.	When such restrictions of freedom were decided, they faced much public opposition.
172	Das Problem besteht in allen Ländern, die von der Bedrohung des Terrorismus betroffen sind, obwohl es in vielen nicht ganz so konkret ist.	The problem exists in all countries affected by the threat of terrorism, though in many it has not become quite as specific.	The problem exists in all countries affected by the threat of terrorism, although it is not quite as specific in many.	The problem exists in all countries affected by the threat of terrorism, although it's not quite as specific in many.	The problem exists in all countries affected by the threat of terrorism, although it is quite as specific in many.
181	Überdies sind die WTO-Regeln nicht gleich, wenn es um Zölle und Standards geht.	Furthermore, when it comes to tariffs and standards, WTO rules are not created equal.	Moreover, WTO rules are not the same when it comes to tariffs and standards.	Moreover, WTO rules aren't the same when it comes to tariffs and standards.	Moreover, WTO rules are the same when it comes to tariffs and standards.
198	In der amerikanischen Verfassung sind zum Beispiel keine ausgeglichenen Haushalte für die Staaten vorgeschrieben.	The US Constitution, for example, does not prescribe balanced budgets for the states.	For example, the United States Constitution does not require a balanced budget for the states.	For example, the United States Constitution doesn't require a balanced budget for the states.	For example, the United States Constitution requires a balanced budget for the states.
212	Eine Abwertung des Dollars könnte die Wettbewerbsfähigkeit der USA kurzfristig verbessern, aber das ist keine Lösung.	Devaluation of the dollar could improve US competitiveness in the short run, but it is not a solution.	A devaluation of the dollar could improve the US's competitiveness in the short term, but that is not a solution.	A devaluation of the dollar could improve the US's competitiveness in the short term, but that's not a solution.	A devaluation of the dollar could improve the US's competitiveness in the short term, but that is a solution.
225	Wachstum allein reicht nicht aus, um eine Verringerung der Armut im asiatisch-pazifischen Raum zu gewährleisten.	Growth on its own is not sufficient to guarantee poverty reduction in Asia and the Pacific.	Growth alone is not enough to ensure a reduction in poverty in the Asia-Pacific region.	Growth alone isn't enough to ensure a reduction in poverty in the Asia-Pacific region.	Growth alone is enough to ensure a reduction in poverty in the Asia-Pacific region.
243	Doch was die Außenwelt an ihm anzog, war nicht immer ein Gewinn in der rauen und chaotischen israelischen Politik.	Yet what appealed to the outside world was not always an asset in the rough and tumble of Israeli politics.	But what attracted the outside world to him was not always a gain in the harsh and chaotic Israeli politics.	But what attracted the outside world to him wasn't always a gain in the harsh and chaotic Israeli politics.	But what attracted the outside world to him was always a gain in the harsh and chaotic Israeli politics.
249	Dies ist bedauerlich, weil die Regierung die japanischen Probleme nicht allein lösen kann.	This is unfortunate, because the government cannot fix Japan’s ills on its own.	This is regrettable because the government cannot solve the Japanese problems alone.	This is regrettable because the government can't solve the Japanese problems alone.	This is regrettable because the government can solve the Japanese problems alone.
292	Es ist nicht zu spät, aus den Missgeschicken des A. Q. Khan eine Lehre zu ziehen.	It is not too late to learn the lessons of the misadventures of A. Q. Khan.	It is not too late to learn a lesson from the misdeeds of A. Q. Khan.	It's not too late to learn a lesson from the misdeeds of A. Q. Khan.	It is too late to learn a lesson from the misdeeds of A. Q. Khan.
321	Man muss das atomare Risiko nicht eingehen, sondern dies ist offensichtlich politisch gewollt.	Taking on nuclear risk is not a necessity; it is a deliberate political choice.	One does not have to take the nuclear risk, but this is obviously politically intentional.	One doesn't have to take the nuclear risk, but this is obviously politically intentional.	One has to take the nuclear risk, but this is obviously politically intentional.
332	Allerdings wird man mit oberflächlicher Kosmetik den zukünftigen Erfordernissen in der Europäischen Union nicht genügen können.	But superficial repairs will not meet the European Union’s future needs.	However, superficial cosmetics will not be able to meet future requirements in the European Union.	However, superficial cosmetics won't be able to meet future requirements in the European Union.	However, superficial cosmetics will be able to meet future requirements in the European Union.
337	Es kommt daher nicht überraschend, dass die Anzahl der zur Nahrungsmittelproduktion benötigten Bauern, beträchtlich gesunken ist.	So it is not surprising that the number of farmers needed has fallen substantially.	It is therefore not surprising that the number of farmers needed for food production has fallen considerably.	It's therefore not surprising that the number of farmers needed for food production has fallen considerably.	It is therefore surprising that the number of farmers needed for food production has fallen considerably.
349	Aber es ist gut dokumentiert, dass ein Verbot nicht dazu geeignet ist, Abtreibungen zu beenden.	But it is well documented that outlawing abortion does not end the practice.	But it is well documented that a ban is not suitable to end abortions.	But it's well documented that a ban isn't suitable to end abortions.	But it is well documented that a ban is suitable to end abortions.
351	Sie zahlen einer unqualifizierten Person kein Geld dafür, ihre Gebärmutter zu durchstechen, weil ihnen gerade danach ist.	They do not pay an unqualified person to stab their uterus because the mood strikes them.	They don't pay an unqualified person money to pierce their uterus because they just feel like it.	They do not pay an unqualified person money to pierce their uterus because they just feel like it.	They pay an unqualified person money to pierce their uterus because they just feel like it.
385	Die Reform unseres Innovationssystems ist nicht nur eine Frage der Ökonomie, sondern in vielen Fällen von Leben und Tod.	Reforming our innovation system is not just a matter of economics. It is, in many cases, a matter of life and death.	The reform of our innovation system is not only a matter of economics, but in many cases of life and death.	The reform of our innovation system isn't only a matter of economics, but in many cases of life and death.	The reform of our innovation system is only a matter of economics, but in many cases of life and death.
395	Die lautesten Stimmen im Internet und anderswo dürfen diese Botschaft nicht übertönen.	The loudest voices on the Internet and elsewhere should not be permitted to drown out that message.	The loudest voices on the Internet and elsewhere must not overshadow this message.	The loudest voices on the Internet and elsewhere mustn't overshadow this message.	The loudest voices on the Internet and elsewhere must overshadow this message.
397	Wir töten andere Arten nicht, weil wir das müssten, sondern weil wir zu nachlässig sind, uns anders zu verhalten.	We kill other species not because we must, but because we are too negligent to do otherwise.	We don't kill other species because we have to, but because we're too careless to behave differently.	We do not kill other species because we have to, but because we are too careless to behave differently.	We kill other species because we have to, but because we're too careless to behave differently.
405	Sie argumentieren, dass niemand Vorstellungen ausgesetzt sein sollte, mit denen er oder sie ganz und gar nicht einverstanden ist.	They contend that people should not be exposed to ideas with which they strongly disagree.	They argue that no one should be exposed to ideas that he or she does not agree with at all.	They argue that no one should be exposed to ideas that he or she doesn't agree with at all.	They argue that no one should be exposed to ideas that he or she agrees with at all.
422	Zweitens dürfen die Bemühungen nicht bei innovativen Produkten aufhören; sie müssen auch auf den Arbeitsmarkt ausgeweitet werden.	Second, engagement must not stop with innovative products; it must also be extended to the labor market.	Secondly, efforts must not stop with innovative products; they must also be extended to the labour market.	Secondly, efforts mustn't stop with innovative products; they must also be extended to the labour market.	Secondly, efforts must stop with innovative products; they must also be extended to the labour market.
443	Aber Amerika steht nicht allein, wenn es darum geht, offiziell einen falschen Buchungszauber zu erlauben.	But America is not alone in allowing for official accounting shenanigans.	But America is not alone when it comes to officially allowing a false booking spell.	But America isn't alone when it comes to officially allowing a false booking spell.	But America is alone when it comes to officially allowing a false booking spell.
444	Der IWF scheint so zu argumentieren: ein Land kann sich nicht auf Entwicklungshilfe verlassen, weil Hilfen zu unsicher sind.	The IMF's argument seems to be this: a country cannot rely on foreign aid because aid is too unstable.	The IMF seems to argue: a country cannot rely on development aid because aid is too uncertain.	The IMF seems to argue: a country can't rely on development aid because aid is too uncertain.	The IMF seems to argue: a country can rely on development aid because aid is too uncertain.
455	Mundell legte sein Augenmerk nicht auf Finanzkrisen, aber vermutlich ist Arbeitskräftemobilität heute bedeutsamer denn je.	Mundell did not emphasize financial crises, but presumably labor mobility is more important today than ever.	Mundell did not pay attention to financial crises, but labor mobility is probably more important today than ever.	Mundell didn't pay attention to financial crises, but labor mobility is probably more important today than ever.	Mundell payed attention to financial crises, but labor mobility is probably more important today than ever.
467	Soweit es die Europäische Volkspartei betrifft, ist die Wirtschaft für uns kein Selbstzweck, sondern sollte den Menschen dienen.	As for the European People’s Party, for us the economy is not an end in itself but should serve the people.	As far as the European People's Party is concerned, the economy for us is not an end in itself, but should serve people.	As far as the European People's Party is concerned, the economy for us isn't an end in itself, but should serve people.	As far as the European People's Party is concerned, the economy for us is an end in itself, but should serve people.
480	Aber es ist eine bedauerliche mathematische Tatsache, dass nicht jeder Marktanteile hinzugewinnen kann.	But it is an unfortunate mathematical fact that not everyone can gain market share.	But it is a regrettable mathematical fact that not every market share can gain.	But it's a regrettable mathematical fact that not every market share can gain.	But it is a regrettable mathematical fact that every market share can gain.
491	Die Regierung Trump wird keine starke, gesunde US-Volkswirtschaft erben.	The Trump administration will not inherit a strong and sound US economy.	Trump's government will not inherit a strong, healthy US economy.	Trump's government won't inherit a strong, healthy US economy.	Trump's government will inherit a strong, healthy US economy.
505		Of course, democratization does not automatically guarantee better behavior on the world stage.	I don't know.	I do not know.	I know .
526	Wir alle könnten moralisch besser sein, aber es ist klar, dass wir mit diesem traditionellen Ansatz nicht viel weiterkommen werden.	We could all be morally better, but it is clear that this traditional approach cannot take us much further.	We could all be morally better, but it is clear that we will not get much further with this traditional approach.	We could all be morally better, but it's clear that we'll not get much further with this traditional approach.	We could all be morally better, but it is clear that we will get much further with this traditional approach.
563	Obwohl die beiden Parteien momentan unversöhnlich erscheinen, ist es für einen Kompromiss noch nicht zu spät.	Yet, while the two parties now seem irreconcilable, it is not too late for compromise.	Although the two parties at the moment seem irreconcilable, it is not too late for a compromise.	Although the two parties at the moment seem irreconcilable, it's not too late for a compromise.	Although the two parties at the moment seem irreconcilable, it is too late for a compromise.
576	Ein Binnenmarkt erfordert jedoch keine einheitliche Sozial- oder Industriepolitik, weniger noch eine gemeinsame Steuerpolitik.	But a single market does not require a single social or industrial policy, far less a common taxation policy.	However, a single market does not require a single social or industrial policy, less a common tax policy.	However, a single market doesn't require a single social or industrial policy, less a common tax policy.	However, a single market requires a single social or industrial policy, less a common tax policy.
583	Ich will nicht das Ziel erreichen, das einige unserer Partner vielleicht anstreben.	I don't want to reach the destination that some of our partners may aspire to.	I do not want to achieve the goal that some of our partners might want.	I don't want to achieve the goal that some of our partners might want.	I want to achieve the goal that some of our partners might want.
585	Großbritannien muss nicht mit am Tisch sitzen, wenn Entscheidungen über den Euro gefällt werden.	Britain does not need a seat at the table when decisions on the Euro are taken.	Britain does not have to sit at the table when decisions about the euro are made.	Britain doesn't have to sit at the table when decisions about the euro are made.	Britain has to sit at the table when decisions about the euro are made.
586	Das wir am Pfund festhalten, bedeutet nicht, dass wir den Euro ablehnen oder sein Scheitern wünschen.	Keeping the pound does not mean that we oppose the Euro, or hope for its failure.	The fact that we stick to the pound does not mean that we reject the euro or want it to fail.	The fact that we stick to the pound doesn't mean that we reject the euro or want it to fail.	The fact that we stick to the pound means that we reject the euro or want it to fail.
590	Sie schützen sie und sollten diese Freiheiten nicht ohne einen ausdrücklichen Auftrag schmälern.	They safeguard them, and should not diminish those liberties without an explicit mandate.	They protect them and should not diminish these freedoms without an explicit mandate.	They protect them and shouldn't diminish these freedoms without an explicit mandate.	They protect them and should diminish these freedoms without an explicit mandate.
599	Kutschma ist aber nicht plötzlich zur Einsicht gelangt, dass parlamentarische Demokratien besser seien, als präsidiale.	Kuchma has not suddenly converted to the view that parliamentary democracies are better than presidential ones.	Kuchma, however, has not suddenly come to the conclusion that parliamentary democracies are better than presidential democracies.	Kuchma, however, hasn't suddenly come to the conclusion that parliamentary democracies are better than presidential democracies.	Kuchma, however, has suddenly come to the conclusion that parliamentary democracies are better than presidential democracies.
601	Natürlich sind Verfassungen nicht dazu da, einen untragbar gewordenen Zustand zu konservieren.	Of course, constitutions are not meant to protect the status quo if the status quo is rotten.	Of course, constitutions are not there to preserve an unsustainable state.	Of course, constitutions aren't there to preserve an unsustainable state.	Of course, constitutions are there to preserve an unsustainable state.
604	In der Ukraine ist nicht die Verfassung verkommen, sondern der Präsident. Er ist in Fälle von Korruption und Journalistenmorde verstrickt.	On the contrary, what is rotten in Ukraine is not its constitution, but its president, who is mired in charges of corruption and orchestrating the murder of journalists, and who is shunned by other world leaders.	In Ukraine, it is not the Constitution that is degraded, but the President who is involved in cases of corruption and the murder of journalists.	In Ukraine, it's not the Constitution that's degraded, but the President who's involved in cases of corruption and the murder of journalists.	In Ukraine, it is the Constitution that is degraded, but the President who is involved in cases of corruption and the murder of journalists.
606	Kutschma weiß daher, dass er sich nicht wie Jelzin einen handverlesenen Nachfolger aussuchen kann.	So Kuchma knows that he cannot rely on handpicking his successor, as Yeltsin did in Russia.	Kuchma therefore knows that he cannot choose a hand-picked successor like Yeltsin.	Kuchma therefore knows that he can't choose a hand-picked successor like Yeltsin.	Kuchma therefore knows that he can choose a hand-picked successor like Yeltsin.
629	Die Erderwärmung stellt ein Risiko dar, das wir einfach nicht mehr ignorieren dürfen.	Global warming is a risk that we simply cannot afford to ignore anymore.	Global warming is a risk that we simply must not ignore.	Global warming is a risk that we simply mustn't ignore.	Global warming is a risk that we simply must ignore.
641	Es ist schwierig, keine heimliche Schadenfreude über die wohlverdiente Strafe für die Meister des Universums zu empfinden.	It is difficult not to take some private pleasure in this comeuppance for the Masters of the Universe.	It is difficult not to feel a secret joy of harm over the well-deserved punishment for the masters of the universe.	It's difficult not to feel a secret joy of harm over the well-deserved punishment for the masters of the universe.	It is difficult to feel a secret joy of harm over the well-deserved punishment for the masters of the universe.
654	Und infolgedessen wissen wir einfach nicht, ob die kommende Konjunkturerholung solide oder enttäuschend verlaufen wird.	As a result, we simply do not know if the recovery will be solid or disappointing.	As a result, we simply do not know whether the forthcoming recovery will be solid or disappointing.	As a result, we simply don't know whether the forthcoming recovery will be solid or disappointing.	As a result, we simply know whether the forthcoming recovery will be solid or disappointing.
670	Natürlich reichen finanzpolitische Räte allein nicht aus, egal, wie gut sie konzipiert sind.	Of course, fiscal councils by themselves are not enough, no matter how well designed they are.	Of course, fiscal councils alone are not enough, no matter how well they are designed.	Of course, fiscal councils alone aren't enough, no matter how well they're designed.	Of course, fiscal councils alone are enough, matter how well they are designed.
671	Mag sein, dass Bernie Madoff Recht behält und sich sein Schneeballsystem nicht als größtes derartiges System aller Zeiten erweist.	To be sure, Bernie Madoff may yet be proved right, and his will not turn out to be the biggest Ponzi scheme ever.	It may be that Bernie Madoff is right and his snowball system does not prove to be the biggest such system of all time.	It may be that Bernie Madoff is right and his snowball system doesn't prove to be the biggest such system of all time.	It may be that Bernie Madoff is right and his snowball system proves to be the biggest such system of all time.
680	EU-Interessen können dadurch nicht gefährdet werden, da die betreffenden Länder weniger als 1% des EU-Marktes ausmachen.	This cannot endanger any EU interests as the countries at issue now have far less than 1% of the EU market.	This will not put EU interests at risk as these countries account for less than 1% of the EU market.	This won't put EU interests at risk as these countries account for less than 1% of the EU market.	This will put EU interests at risk as these countries account for less than 1% of the EU market.
690	In Wirklichkeit gibt es kein „altes und neues“ Europa, und es hat sie auch nie gegeben.	The reality is that there is no such thing as “old and new” Europe, and there never was.	In reality, there is no "old and new" Europe, and it has never existed.	In reality, there's no "old and new" Europe, and it has never existed.	In reality, there is no "old and new" Europe, and it has existed.
696	Doch können wir nicht unbekümmert davon ausgehen, dass die Kräfte des nationalen Egoismus weiterhin in Schach gehalten werden.	But we cannot be complacent that the forces of national egoism will remain in check.	But we cannot be carefree to assume that the forces of national egoism will continue to be kept in check.	But we can't be carefree to assume that the forces of national egoism will continue to be kept in check.	But we can be carefree to assume that the forces of national egoism will continue to be kept in check.
712	Mafiabosse nehmen oft ein schlimmes Ende, und ich glaube nicht, dass es Putin letztlich viel besser ergehen wird.	Mafia bosses often meet an unhappy fate, and I do not think that Putin will fare much better in the end.	Mafia bosses often end badly, and I don't think Putin will end up doing much better in the end.	Mafia bosses often end badly, and I do not think Putin will end up doing much better in the end.	Mafia bosses often end badly, and I think Putin will end up doing much better in the end.
728	Die entscheidende Frage ist nicht die Zu- oder Abnahme der Emissionen, sondern wie viel Klimawandel wir verhindern können.	The most critical issue isn’t any rise or fall in emissions. It is how much climate damage we can avoid.	The crucial question is not the increase or decrease of emissions, but how much climate change we can prevent.	The crucial question isn't the increase or decrease of emissions, but how much climate change we can prevent.	The crucial question is the increase or decrease of emissions, but how much climate change we can prevent.
753	Sie werden hervorheben, dass sich die Geschichte wiederholt, wenn man keine Lehren daraus zieht.	They will stress that if the lessons of history are not learned, history is bound to repeat itself.	They will emphasize that history repeats itself if you do not learn lessons from it.	They'll emphasize that history repeats itself if you don't learn lessons from it.	They will emphasize that history repeats itself if you learn lessons from it.
767	Trotz der Enttäuschung von Addis Abeba ist der Ruf nach Reformen des internationalen Steuersystems nicht verstummt.	Despite the disappointment in Addis Ababa, the call for reform of the international tax system is not likely to be silenced.	Despite the disappointment of Addis Ababa, the call for reforms of the international tax system has not been silenced.	Despite the disappointment of Addis Ababa, the call for reforms of the international tax system hasn't been silenced.	Despite the disappointment of Addis Ababa, the call for reforms of the international tax system has been silenced.
774	Doch über zwei Jahrzehnte später haben die meisten dies nicht einmal versucht.	Yet more than two decades later, most have not even attempted that feat.	But over two decades later, most have not even tried.	But over two decades later, most haven't even tried.	But over two decades later, most have even tried.
777	Noch merkwürdiger ist die Tatsache, dass großzügigere Wohlfahrtsmaßnahmen nicht zu Verringerungen der Gesundheitsdisparitäten führen.	More puzzling is the fact that more generous welfare policies do not translate into smaller health disparities.	Even more curious is the fact that more generous welfare measures do not lead to reductions in health disparities.	Even more curious is the fact that more generous welfare measures don't lead to reductions in health disparities.	Even more curious is the fact that more generous welfare measures lead to reductions in health disparities.
785	Manche Menschen behaupten, aufgrund von Identifikations- und Zuordnungsschwierigkeiten funktioniere Abschreckung im Cyberspace nicht.	Some people argue that deterrence does not work in cyberspace, owing to the difficulties of attribution.	Some people claim that due to identification and assignment difficulties, deterrence in cyberspace does not work.	Some people claim that due to identification and assignment difficulties, deterrence in cyberspace doesn't work.	Some people claim that due to identification and assignment difficulties, deterrence in cyberspace works .
787	Die korrekte Lokalisierung der letztlichen Quelle einer Netzattacke ist manchmal schwierig, muss aber nicht wasserdicht sein.	While accurate attribution of the ultimate source of a cyber attack is sometimes difficult, the determination does not have to be airtight.	The correct location of the final source of a grid attack is sometimes difficult, but does not have to be waterproof.	The correct location of the final source of a grid attack is sometimes difficult, but doesn't have to be waterproof.	The correct location of the final source of a grid attack is sometimes difficult, but has to be waterproof.
801	Dieses Aufbegehren lässt sich nicht durch häppchenweises Eindämmen der Auswirkungen der Globalisierung unterdrücken.	Piecemeal curbs on globalization will not be enough to quell the revolt.	This uproar cannot be suppressed by the appetizing of the effects of globalisation.	This uproar can't be suppressed by the appetizing of the effects of globalisation.	This uproar can be suppressed by the appetizing of the effects of globalisation.
811	Obwohl seitdem fast zehn Jahre vergangen sind, ist es immer noch nicht sicher, ihre wirklichen Namen zu nennen.	Though almost 10 years have passed, it is still not safe to use their real names.	Although almost ten years have passed since then, it is still not certain to name their real names.	Although almost ten years have passed since then, it's still not certain to name their real names.	Although almost ten years have passed since then, it is still certain to name their real names.
823	Ironischerweise behauptet Präsident Bush, dass die Vereinten Nationen ihren Worten keine Taten folgen lassen.	Ironically, President Bush claims that the UN does not follow through on its word.	Ironically, President Bush claims that the United Nations does not follow its words.	Ironically, President Bush claims that the United Nations doesn't follow its words.	Ironically, President Bush claims that the United Nations follows its words.
830	Doch sie sollten uns keine schlaflosen Nächte bereiten, denn sie sind unzulänglich und letztlich nicht nachhaltig.	But we should not lose sleep over them, because they are flawed and ultimately unsustainable.	But they should not make us sleepless nights, because they are inadequate and ultimately not sustainable.	But they shouldn't make us sleepless nights, because they're inadequate and ultimately not sustainable.	But they should make us sleepless nights, because they are inadequate and ultimately sustainable.
862	Und falls die Steuern auf Kapital nicht angepasst werden, erleiden die Inhaber heimischer Aktien einen vergleichbaren Verlust.	If taxes on capital are not adjusted, holders of domestic stocks suffer a comparable loss.	And if the taxes on capital are not adjusted, the holders of domestic shares will suffer a comparable loss.	And if the taxes on capital aren't adjusted, the holders of domestic shares will suffer a comparable loss.	And if the taxes on capital are adjusted, the holders of domestic shares will suffer a comparable loss.
877	Die Regierung kann die Löhne im öffentlichen Sektor kürzen und hat dies auch getan, aber das reicht nicht.	The government can (and has) cut wages in the public sector, but this is not sufficient.	The government can cut wages in the public sector and has done so, but that is not enough.	The government can cut wages in the public sector and has done so, but that's not enough.	The government can cut wages in the public sector and has done so, but that is enough.
901	Amerikas Situation war nicht einmalig: Japan befand sich seit Mitte der 1990er Jahre in den Fängen der Liquiditätsfalle.	America's situation was not unique: Japan had been in been in thrall to a liquidity trap since the mid-1990s.	America's situation was not unique: Japan has been caught by the liquidity trap since the mid-1990s.	America's situation wasn't unique: Japan has been caught by the liquidity trap since the mid-1990s.	America's situation was unique: Japan has been caught by the liquidity trap since the mid-1990s.
935	Sie müssen nicht einmal Wahlen gewinnen, um den Übertragungsmechanismus zwischen Ökonomie und Politik zu stören.	They do not even have to win elections to disrupt the transmission mechanism between economics and politics.	They don't even have to win elections to disrupt the transfer mechanism between economics and politics.	They do not even have to win elections to disrupt the transfer mechanism between economics and politics.	They do even have to win elections to disrupt the transfer mechanism between economics and politics.
966	Auch wenn die Demokratie zweifellos die für die Menschenrechte beste Regierungsform ist, sind die beiden doch nicht dasselbe.	While democracy is, no doubt, the form of governance that best preserves human rights, the two are not the same thing.	Although democracy is undoubtedly the best form of government for human rights, the two are not the same.	Although democracy is undoubtedly the best form of government for human rights, the two aren't the same.	Although democracy is undoubtedly the best form of government for human rights, the two are the same.
992	Um aber einen Neustart der außenpolitischen Strategie Europas zu gewährleisten, reicht eine umstrukturierte Kommission nicht aus.	But a restructured Commission is not enough to ensure a reset of Europe’s foreign-policy strategy.	However, in order to ensure a re-launch of Europe's foreign policy strategy, a restructured Commission is not enough.	However, in order to ensure a re-launch of Europe's foreign policy strategy, a restructured Commission isn't enough.	However, in order to ensure a re-launch of Europe's foreign policy strategy, a restructured Commission is enough.
1003	Wir wissen, dass unser Teil an diesem großen Gebäude nicht über Nacht errichtet wird.	We know that our part in that great edifice will not be built overnight.	We know that our part of this large building is not built overnight.	We know that our part of this large building isn't built overnight.	We know that our part of this large building is built overnight.
1004	Es wird nicht einfach, billig oder schnell zu erledigen sein, eine Ukraine aufzubauen, die der EU-Mitgliedschaft würdig ist.	Building a Ukraine worthy of EU membership will not be easy, cheap, or fast.	It will not be easy to do it cheaply or quickly, to build a Ukraine worthy of EU membership.	It'll not be easy to do it cheaply or quickly, to build a Ukraine worthy of EU membership.	It will be easy to do it cheaply or quickly, to build a Ukraine worthy of EU membership.
1014	War nicht Italien bis in die 60er Jahre des 19. Jahrhunderts eine Ansammlung von Königreichen und Fürstentümern?	After all, wasn't Italy, until 1860s, a collection of kingdoms and principalities?	Was not Italy a collection of kingdoms and principalities until the 1960s?	Wasn't Italy a collection of kingdoms and principalities until the 1960s?	Was Italy a collection of kingdoms and principalities until the 1960s?
1020	Was aber wäre, wenn die gemeinsamen europäischen Institutionen nicht durch die Brille der nationalen Institutionen gesehen würden?	But what if common European institutions are not viewed through the prism of national institutions?	But what if the common European institutions were not seen by the eyes of the national institutions?	But what if the common European institutions weren't seen by the eyes of the national institutions?	But what if the common European institutions were seen by the eyes of the national institutions?
1021	Natürlich steht nicht das Ende der Nationalstaaten bevor, aber nicht, weil sie so tief im Bewusstsein ihrer Bürger verwurzelt wären.	Of course, the demise of national states is not imminent, but not because they are so deeply rooted in the consciousness of their citizens.	Of course, the end of the nation-states is not imminent, but not because they are so deeply rooted in the awareness of their citizens.	Of course, the end of the nation-states isn't imminent, but not because they're so deeply rooted in the awareness of their citizens.	Of course, the end of the nation-states is imminent, but because they are so deeply rooted in the awareness of their citizens.
1022	Aber die Nationalstaaten Europas werden so schnell nicht verschwinden, weil sie alle Machtzentren sind.	But Europe's nation states are not going to disappear for a while because they are centers of power.	But the nation states of Europe will not disappear so quickly because they are all centres of power.	But the nation states of Europe won't disappear so quickly because they're all centres of power.	But the nation states of Europe will disappear so quickly because they are all centres of power.
1028	Natürlich sind die Frauen nicht allein in ihrer Gegnerschaft zu Berlusconi, aber in Mailand waren sie wahlentscheidend.	Women, of course, are not alone in their opposition to Berlusconi, but they made the difference in Milan.	Of course, women are not alone in their opposition to Berlusconi, but in Milan they were elective.	Of course, women aren't alone in their opposition to Berlusconi, but in Milan they were elective.	Of course, women are alone in their opposition to Berlusconi, but in Milan they were elective.
1048	Es ist schwer zu sagen, wann der nächste Schock zuschlagen oder welche Form er einnehmen wird; sonst wäre es ja keine Schock.	It’s hard to know when the next shock will hit, or what form it will take; otherwise, it wouldn’t be a shock.	It is difficult to say when the next shock will strike or what form it will take; otherwise it would not be a shock.	It's difficult to say when the next shock will strike or what form it'll take; otherwise it'd not be a shock.	It is difficult to say when the next shock will strike or what form it will take; otherwise it would be a shock.
1078	Ein „Sieg“ kann keinen Frieden bringen, einfach weil es stets einen Krieg nach dem Krieg gibt.	“Victory” cannot bring peace, simply because there will always be a war after the war.	A "victory" cannot bring peace simply because there is always a post-war war.	A "victory" can't bring peace simply because there's always a post-war war.	A "victory" can bring peace simply because there is always a post-war war.
1094	Das Beispiel Reykjavik sollte uns erinnern, dass lindernde Maßnahmen nicht ausreichen.	The example of Reykjavik should remind us that palliative measures are not enough.	The Reykjavik example should remind us that relieving measures are not enough.	The Reykjavik example should remind us that relieving measures aren't enough.	The Reykjavik example should remind us that relieving measures are enough.
1096	Amerikas Antwort zeigt indes, dass Integration nicht als Einbahnstraße gesehen werden kann.	America’s response shows, however, that integration cannot be viewed as a one-way street.	America's response, however, shows that integration cannot be seen as a one-way street.	America's response, however, shows that integration can't be seen as a one-way street.	America's response, however, shows that integration can be seen as a one-way street.
1104	Selbst die Befürworter dieses Ziels räumen ein, dass dies nicht einfach zu erreichen sein wird – und sie haben recht.	Even its backers concede that achieving this target won’t be easy – and they are right.	Even the advocates of this goal admit that this will not be easy to achieve – and they are right.	Even the advocates of this goal admit that this won't be easy to achieve – and they're right.	Even the advocates of this goal admit that this will be easy to achieve – and they are right.
1115	Das Gewohnheitsrecht ist nicht rigoros, weil es den Anforderungen der Weltwirtschaft angepasst wurde.	Customary law is not rigid in that it is made to fit round the demands of global economy.	Common law is not rigorous because it has been adapted to the requirements of the world economy.	Common law isn't rigorous because it has been adapted to the requirements of the world economy.	Common law is rigorous because it has been adapted to the requirements of the world economy.
1131	Einmal kam mir eine grauenvolle Geschichte über eine Steißgeburt zu Ohren, mit der eine traditionelle Hebamme nicht umzugehen wusste.	Once, I heard a dreadful story of a breech birth which a traditional midwife did not know how to handle.	Once I heard a horrific story about a carnivorous birth that a traditional midwife didn't know how to deal with.	Once I heard a horrific story about a carnivorous birth that a traditional midwife did not know how to deal with.	Once I heard a horrific story about a carnivorous birth that a traditional midwife knew how to deal with.
1134	Auch davor hat sie sicherlich bemerkt, dass das Kind sich nicht richtig gedreht hatte und große Probleme bevorstanden.	Even before that, she would have noticed that the child had not turned properly, and that major problems were on the way.	Even before that, she certainly noticed that the child had not turned correctly and faced big problems.	Even before that, she certainly noticed that the child hadn't turned correctly and faced big problems.	Even before that, she certainly noticed that the child had turned correctly and faced big problems.
1140	Was uns noch fehlt, ist nicht die Analyse, sondern der organisatorische und politische Wille, die Lösung umzusetzen.	What we lack now is not analysis, but the organizational and political will to do so.	What we still lack is not the analysis, but the organizational and political will to implement the solution.	What we still lack isn't the analysis, but the organizational and political will to implement the solution.	What we still lack is the analysis, but the organizational and political will to implement the solution.
1151	Es wird schwierig, aber nicht unmöglich sein, das Vertrauen in die Zentralregierung wiederherzustellen.	It will be difficult, but not impossible, to re-establish confidence in the central government.	It will be difficult, but not impossible, to restore confidence in the central government.	It'll be difficult, but not impossible, to restore confidence in the central government.	It will be difficult, but impossible, to restore confidence in the central government.
1153	Natürlich ist Afghanistan nicht allein für sein schweres Schicksal verantwortlich.	Of course, Afghanistan does not bear sole responsibility for its plight.	Of course, Afghanistan is not solely responsible for its heavy fate.	Of course, Afghanistan isn't solely responsible for its heavy fate.	Of course, Afghanistan is solely responsible for its heavy fate.
1154	Der Heroinhandel würde nicht derart florieren, wenn es den westlichen Regierungen mit der Bekämpfung des Drogenkonsums ernst wäre.	The heroin trade would not be booming if Western governments were serious about combating drug consumption.	Heroin trafficking would not flourish in such a way if Western governments were serious about combating drug use.	Heroin trafficking wouldn't flourish in such a way if Western governments were serious about combating drug use.	Heroin trafficking would flourish in such a way if Western governments were serious about combating drug use.
1166	Aber Gesetze und politische Maßnahmen allein reichen nicht aus, um Frauen vor der schlimmsten Misshandlung im eigenen Haus zu schützen.	But laws and policies alone are not sufficient to protect women from horrific domestic abuse.	But laws and policies alone are not enough to protect women from the worst abuse in their home.	But laws and policies alone aren't enough to protect women from the worst abuse in their home.	But laws and policies alone are enough to protect women from the worst abuse in their home.
1181	Diese Einschätzung mag richtig oder falsch sein, ist jedoch nicht ideologisch begründet.	They may be right or wrong in this assessment, but it is not an ideological one.	This assessment may be right or wrong, but it is not ideologically justified.	This assessment may be right or wrong, but it's not ideologically justified.	This assessment may be right or wrong, but it is ideologically justified.
1191	Polen als Verbündeter der USA ist nicht das eigentliche Problem von Präsident Jacques Chirac oder Bundeskanzler Gerhard Schröder.	Poland as an ally of the US is not the real headache facing President Jacques Chirac or Chancellor Gerhard Schroeder.	Poland as an ally of the USA is not the real problem of President Jacques Chirac or Chancellor Gerhard Schröder.	Poland as an ally of the USA isn't the real problem of President Jacques Chirac or Chancellor Gerhard Schröder.	Poland as an ally of the USA is the real problem of President Jacques Chirac or Chancellor Gerhard Schröder.
1194	Die Herausforderung für Frankreich und Deutschland besteht also nicht darin, dass Polen eine Art ``trojanisches Pferd'' der USA ist.	So the challenge to France and Germany does not arise because Poland is some sort of American ``Trojan Horse.''	So the challenge for France and Germany is not that Poland is a kind of '`Trojan horse'' of the USA.	So the challenge for France and Germany isn't that Poland is a kind of '`Trojan horse'' of the USA.	So the challenge for France and Germany is that Poland is a kind of '`Trojan horse'' of the USA.
1198	Aber diese Abhängigkeit sollte die Tatsache nicht verschleiern, dass Europa und Amerika gemeinsame außenpolitische Interessen haben.	But this dependence should not disguise the fact that there is a commonality of foreign policy interests between Europe and America.	But this dependence should not obscure the fact that Europe and America have common foreign policy interests.	But this dependence shouldn't obscure the fact that Europe and America have common foreign policy interests.	But this dependence should obscure the fact that Europe and America have common foreign policy interests.
1207	Fracking ist kein Allheilmittel, aber es ist die bei weitem beste Option dieses Jahrzehnts im Bereich grüner Energie.	Fracking is not a panacea, but it really is by far this decade’s best green-energy option.	Fracking is not a panacea, but it is by far the best option of this decade in the field of green energy.	Fracking isn't a panacea, but it's by far the best option of this decade in the field of green energy.	Fracking is a panacea, but it is by far the best option of this decade in the field of green energy.
1239	Doch ist das Assoziierungsabkommen der EU mit Mexiko 10 Jahre alt, und Europa hat noch keine strategische Partnerschaft mit Brasilien.	But, while the EU’s association agreement with Mexico is 10 years old, it does not yet have a strategic partnership with Brazil.	But the EU's association agreement with Mexico is 10 years old and Europe does not yet have a strategic partnership with Brazil.	But the EU's association agreement with Mexico is 10 years old and Europe doesn't yet have a strategic partnership with Brazil.	But the EU's association agreement with Mexico is 10 years old and Europe does yet have a strategic partnership with Brazil.
1243	Obwohl die EU keine strategische Partnerschaft mit Brasilien hat, beabsichtigt sie, so schnell wie möglich eine einzugehen.	Although the EU does not have a strategic partnership with Brazil, it intends to push ahead with one as fast as possible.	Although the EU does not have a strategic partnership with Brazil, it intends to enter into one as soon as possible.	Although the EU doesn't have a strategic partnership with Brazil, it intends to enter into one as soon as possible.	Although the EU has a strategic partnership with Brazil, it intends to enter into one as soon as possible.
1258	Abgesehen von der Antarktis ist Afrika der einzige Kontinent, der nicht industrialisiert ist.	Aside from Antarctica, Africa is the only continent that has not industrialized.	Apart from Antarctica, Africa is the only continent that is not industrialized.	Apart from Antarctica, Africa is the only continent that's not industrialized.	Apart from Antarctica, Africa is the only continent that is industrialized.
1284	Die Anpassung an die klimatischen Veränderungen ist zwar notwendig – denn sie finden bereits statt – aber nicht ausreichend.	While adaptation to climate change is necessary – because it is already occurring – this is not enough.	Adaptation to climatic changes is necessary – because they are already taking place – but not sufficient.	Adaptation to climatic changes is necessary – because they're already taking place – but not sufficient.	Adaptation to climatic changes is necessary – because they are already taking place – but sufficient.
1346	Das soll nicht heißen, dass Afrika in den kommenden Jahren erschreckende Herausforderungen erspart bleiben werden.	But that is not to say Africa will be spared from daunting challenges in the years ahead.	This does not mean that Africa will be spared frightening challenges in the coming years.	This doesn't mean that Africa will be spared frightening challenges in the coming years.	This means that Africa will be spared frightening challenges in the coming years.
1352	Das Problem ist nicht nur der mangelnde Schulzugang, sondern auch der Mangel an guten Schulen.	The issue is not only lack of access to schools, but also lack of good schools.	The problem is not only the lack of access to school, but also the lack of good schools.	The problem isn't only the lack of access to school, but also the lack of good schools.	The problem is only the lack of access to school, but also the lack of good schools.
1354	Wir können von den Schülern nicht erwarten, dass sie von schlecht ausgebildeten, schlecht bezahlten Lehrern lernen.	We cannot expect students to learn from poorly educated, poorly paid teachers.	We cannot expect the students to learn from poorly trained, poorly paid teachers.	We can't expect the students to learn from poorly trained, poorly paid teachers.	We can expect the students to learn from poorly trained, poorly paid teachers.
1370	Doch die Mächtigen wissen sich zu wehren – und kennen dabei keine Zurückhaltung.	But those with power know how to fight back – and they do not pull their punches.	But the powerful know how to defend themselves – and do not know any restraint.	But the powerful know how to defend themselves – and don't know any restraint.	But the powerful know how to defend themselves – and know any restraint.
1393	Aber seine möglichen negativen Effekte auf die Gesundheit der Afrikaner dürfen nicht ignoriert werden.	But its possible negative impact on Africans’ health should not be ignored.	But its possible negative effects on the health of Africans must not be ignored.	But its possible negative effects on the health of Africans mustn't be ignored.	But its possible negative effects on the health of Africans must be ignored.
1409	Trotz dieser positiven Entwicklungen wird man mit Quoten alleine keine Geschlechterparität herstellen.	Despite these positive developments, quotas alone will not achieve parity.	Despite these positive developments, quotas alone will not create gender parity.	Despite these positive developments, quotas alone won't create gender parity.	Despite these positive developments, quotas alone will create gender parity.
1427	Dies ist keine neue Lösung: Bereits meine Eltern wurden in der Elfenbeinküste der 1950er Jahre durch solche Fachkräfte gepflegt.	This is not a new solution; community health workers were key to the health care received by my own parents in Côte d’Ivoire in the 1950s.	This is not a new solution: already my parents were cared for by such professionals in the Ivory Coast of the 1950s.	This isn't a new solution: already my parents were cared for by such professionals in the Ivory Coast of the 1950s.	This is a new solution: already my parents were cared for by such professionals in the Ivory Coast of the 1950s.
1435	Trotzdem bedeutet der Mangel an entsprechenden Ressourcen nicht, dass Afrikas Regierungen ihre Senioren ignorieren müssen.	Still, a dearth of dedicated resources does not mean that Africa’s leaders must ignore their older constituents.	Nevertheless, the lack of adequate resources does not mean that Africa's governments must ignore their seniors.	Nevertheless, the lack of adequate resources doesn't mean that Africa's governments must ignore their seniors.	Nevertheless, the lack of adequate resources means that Africa's governments must ignore their seniors.
1469	Heute sind sie zwar nicht mehr so dominant, aber ihr Unternehmensmodell wird von einer dritten Generation von Frauen lebendig gehalten.	While they are no longer quite so dominant, a third generation of women is keeping their entrepreneurial model alive.	Today they are no longer so dominant, but their business model is kept alive by a third generation of women.	Today they're no longer so dominant, but their business model is kept alive by a third generation of women.	Today they are longer so dominant, but their business model is kept alive by a third generation of women.
1506	Aber die Afrikaner müssen nicht warten, bis die Welt zur Rettung kommt; wir haben die Ressourcen, die wir hier zu Hause brauchen.	But Africans do not need to wait for the world to come to the rescue; we have the resources we need right here at home.	But the Africans don't have to wait until the world comes to salvation; we have the resources we need here at home.	But the Africans do not have to wait until the world comes to salvation; we have the resources we need here at home.	But the Africans have to wait until the world comes to salvation; we have the resources we need here at home.
1587	Trotzdem wurden diese „Soft Skills“ in der formalen Ausbildung Afrikas bis vor kurzem nicht berücksichtigt.	Yet, until recently, training in soft skills has not been integrated into formal education systems on the continent.	Nevertheless, these "soft skills" have not been taken into account until recently in the formal education of Africa.	Nevertheless, these "soft skills" haven't been taken into account until recently in the formal education of Africa.	Nevertheless, these "soft skills" have been taken into account until recently in the formal education of Africa.
1603	Aber es sind die jungen Menschen, nicht die Politiker, die dazu aufrufen, mehr zu tun.	But it is young people, not political leaders, that are leading the call for action.	But it is the young people, not the politicians, who call for more to be done.	But it's the young people, not the politicians, who call for more to be done.	But it is the young people, the politicians, who call for more to be done.
1604	Barkindo argumentierte auch, dass die Erdölindustrie nicht die einzige Ursache für den Klimawandel sei.	Barkindo also argued that the petroleum industry is not the sole cause of climate change.	Barkindo also argued that the oil industry is not the only cause of climate change.	Barkindo also argued that the oil industry isn't the only cause of climate change.	Barkindo also argued that the oil industry is the only cause of climate change.
1641	Dass Entwicklungshilfe auf diese Art genutzt wird, ist nicht neu.	Frontloading aid in this way is not new. Doing so in the early 2000s to finance vaccines saved millions of lives in the developing world.	The use of development aid in this way is not new.	The use of development aid in this way isn't new.	The use of development aid in this way is new.
1658	Impfungen sind nicht nur eine Frage der Gesundheit, sondern stellen auch eine wirtschaftliche Herausforderung dar.	Immunization is not just a health issue; it is also an economic challenge.	Vaccination is not only a health issue, but also an economic challenge.	Vaccination isn't only a health issue, but also an economic challenge.	Vaccination is only a health issue, but also an economic challenge.
1661	Dennoch erreicht man weltweit schätzungsweise 18,7 Millionen Kinder mit routinemäßigen Impfprogrammen nicht.	Yet, worldwide, an estimated 18.7 million infants are not being reached by routine immunization services.	Nevertheless, an estimated 18.7 million children with routine vaccination programmes worldwide are not reached.	Nevertheless, an estimated 18.7 million children with routine vaccination programmes worldwide aren't reached.	Nevertheless, an estimated 18.7 million children with routine vaccination programmes worldwide are reached.
1662	Deshalb erhalten nach wie vor 20 Prozent der Kinder in Afrika keine lebensrettenden Impfungen.	As a result, one in five African children still do not receive lifesaving vaccination.	Therefore, 20 percent of children in Africa still do not receive lifesaving vaccinations.	Therefore, 20 percent of children in Africa still don't receive lifesaving vaccinations.	Therefore, 20 percent of children in Africa still receive lifesaving vaccinations.
1665	Die jüngst angekündigte Preissenkung für den Pneumokokken-Impfstoff ist zwar ein Schritt in die richtige Richtung, reicht aber nicht aus.	The recently announced reduction in the price of pneumococcal vaccine is a step in the right direction, but it is not enough.	Although the recently announced price reduction for the pneumococcal vaccine is a step in the right direction, it is not enough.	Although the recently announced price reduction for the pneumococcal vaccine is a step in the right direction, it's not enough.	Although the recently announced price reduction for the pneumococcal vaccine is a step in the right direction, it is enough.
1681	Und die Sahel-Länder können trotz großer Anstrengungen die kommende Krise nicht allein verhindern.	And the Sahel countries, despite huge efforts, cannot avert the coming crisis on their own.	And the Sahel countries cannot alone prevent the coming crisis, despite great efforts.	And the Sahel countries can't alone prevent the coming crisis, despite great efforts.	And the Sahel countries can alone prevent the coming crisis, despite great efforts.
1690	Doch besteht neuerdings die wachsende Gefahr, dass diese Fortschritte nicht aufrechterhalten werden könnten.	But there is a new and growing danger that these advances might not be sustained.	However, there is a growing risk that this progress could not be maintained.	However, there's a growing risk that this progress couldn't be maintained.	However, there is a growing risk that this progress could be maintained.
1711	Stolz, Würde und Selbstvertrauen sind keine Größen in der Wirtschaftstheorie: Sie sind nicht messbar.	Pride, dignity, and self-confidence do not figure in economic theory: they cannot be measured.	Pride, dignity and self-confidence are not great in economic theory: they are not measurable.	Pride, dignity and self-confidence aren't great in economic theory: they're not measurable.	Pride, dignity and self-confidence are great in economic theory: they are measurable.
1713	Amerika beispielsweise entwickelte sich nicht, weil es von einer ihm auferlegten Ideologie oder fremden Experten abhängig war.	America, for example, did not develop by depending on an imposed ideology or outside experts.	America, for example, did not develop because it was dependent on an ideology imposed on it or foreign experts.	America, for example, didn't develop because it was dependent on an ideology imposed on it or foreign experts.	America, for example, developed because it was dependent on an ideology imposed on it or foreign experts.
1823	Eine solche Solidarität sollte nicht als etwas verstanden werden, dass nur in Zeiten der Erschütterung auszuüben ist.	Such solidarity should not be understood as something to be exercised only in times of convulsion.	Such solidarity should not be understood as something that can only be exercised in times of shock.	Such solidarity shouldn't be understood as something that can only be exercised in times of shock.	Such solidarity should be understood as something that can only be exercised in times of shock.
1844	Doch die Politiker können nicht einfach davon ausgehen, dass sich Afrikas Aufstieg schon fortsetzen wird.	But policymakers cannot simply assume that Africa’s rise will continue.	But politicians cannot simply assume that Africa's rise will continue.	But politicians can't simply assume that Africa's rise will continue.	But politicians can simply assume that Africa's rise will continue.
1881	Wie es junge Kenianer während der jüngsten Wahlen wiederholten: „Wenn du nicht der Tisch bist, stehst du auf der Speisekarte.“	As young Kenyans repeated during the recent election campaign, “If you are not at the table, you are on the menu.”	As young Kenyans repeated during the recent elections, "If you're not the table, you're on the menu."	As young Kenyans repeated during the recent elections, "If you are not the table, you are on the menu."	As young Kenyans repeated during the recent elections, "If you're the table, you're on the menu."
1884	Trotzdem konnten viele Kenianer, die in den sozialen Medien populär sind, das Ergebnis der Wahl nicht entscheidend beeinflussen.	Nonetheless, many Kenyans who were popular on social media did not make much of an impact on the election’s outcome.	Nevertheless, many Kenyans who are popular in social media have not been able to decisively influence the outcome of the election.	Nevertheless, many Kenyans who are popular in social media haven't been able to decisively influence the outcome of the election.	Nevertheless, many Kenyans who are popular in social media have been able to decisively influence the outcome of the election.
1905	Doch der Mangel an Freiheit ist nicht das einzige Hindernis für das politische und sozioökonomische Engagement junger Menschen.	But lack of freedom is not the only impediment to political and socioeconomic engagement among young people.	But the lack of freedom is not the only obstacle to young people's political and socio-economic commitment.	But the lack of freedom isn't the only obstacle to young people's political and socio-economic commitment.	But the lack of freedom is the only obstacle to young people's political and socio-economic commitment.
1912	Afrika verfügt über keinen großen, arbeitsintensiven Fertigungssektor, wo die viele jungen Menschen unterkommen können.	Africa does not have a large labor-intensive manufacturing sector to absorb its mushrooming young population.	Africa does not have a large, labour-intensive manufacturing sector where many young people can live.	Africa doesn't have a large, labour-intensive manufacturing sector where many young people can live.	Africa has a large, labour-intensive manufacturing sector where many young people can live.
1916	Aus diesem Grund ist jede Strategie, die sich nicht dieses umfassenderen Umfelds der Marginalisierung annimmt, eine Brücke ins Nirgendwo.	Given this, any strategy that does not address the broader environment of marginalization is a bridge to nowhere.	For this reason, any strategy that does not adopt this broader environment of marginalization is a bridge to nowhere.	For this reason, any strategy that doesn't adopt this broader environment of marginalization is a bridge to nowhere.	For this reason, any strategy that adopts this broader environment of marginalization is a bridge to nowhere.
1927	Trotz guter Ideen fühlen sich die meisten jungen Agrar-Innovatoren in ihren Bemühungen nicht unterstützt.	Despite having great ideas, most young agricultural innovators do not feel supported in their efforts.	Despite good ideas, most young agricultural innovators do not feel supported in their efforts.	Despite good ideas, most young agricultural innovators don't feel supported in their efforts.	Despite good ideas, most young agricultural innovators feel supported in their efforts.
1967	Europa als Ganzem geht es fiskalpolitisch nicht schlecht; seine Schuldenquote ist niedriger als die der USA.	Europe as a whole is not in bad fiscal shape; its debt-to-GDP ratio compares favorably with that of the United States.	Europe as a whole is not bad in fiscal terms; its debt ratio is lower than that of the US.	Europe as a whole isn't bad in fiscal terms; its debt ratio is lower than that of the US.	Europe as a whole is bad in fiscal terms; its debt ratio is lower than that of the US.
1989	Obgleich wir mit der Bekämpfung der Korruption fortfahren können und wollen, können wir nicht alles alleine machen.	Although we can and will continue the fight against corruption, we cannot do everything alone.	Although we can and will continue to fight corruption, we cannot do everything on our own.	Although we can and will continue to fight corruption, we can't do everything on our own.	Although we can and will continue to fight corruption, we can do everything on our own.
1992	Am Ende wird das Vermächtnis von Tschernobyl nicht allein der Ukraine gehören, denn unser Land liegt im Herzen Europas.	In the end, Chernobyl’s legacy does not belong solely to Ukraine, for ours is a country located in the heart of Europe.	In the end, the legacy of Chernobyl will not belong to Ukraine alone, because our country lies in the heart of Europe.	In the end, the legacy of Chernobyl won't belong to Ukraine alone, because our country lies in the heart of Europe.	In the end, the legacy of Chernobyl will belong to Ukraine alone, because our country lies in the heart of Europe.
2004	Diejenigen, die ihre Augen nicht vom Grauen der Vergangenheit abwenden konnten, machten geringere Fortschritte.	Those who could not lift their eyes from the horrors of the past made less progress.	Those who could not turn their eyes away from the horrors of the past made less progress.	Those who couldn't turn their eyes away from the horrors of the past made less progress.	Those who could turn their eyes away from the horrors of the past made less progress.
2005	Sicherlich sind Wahlen wichtig; aber an sich lösen sie kein Problem.	To be sure, elections are important; but by themselves they do not solve problems.	Certainly elections are important, but in themselves they do not solve a problem.	Certainly elections are important, but in themselves they don't solve a problem.	Certainly elections are important, but in themselves they solve a problem.
2014	Sie schreibt nicht einen einzigen Weg voran vor, sondern stellt einschlägige Informationen und sachverständige Analysen zur Verfügung.	It does not prescribe one way forward, but rather provides relevant information and expert analysis.	It does not prescribe a single way forward, but provides relevant information and expert analyses.	It doesn't prescribe a single way forward, but provides relevant information and expert analyses.	It prescribes a single way forward, but provides relevant information and expert analyses.
2024	Dies ist nicht nur ein ethisches und politisches Problem: Volkswirtschaften mit weniger Ungleichheit funktionieren auch besser.	This is not just a moral and political problem: economies with less inequality actually perform better.	This is not only an ethical and political problem: economies with less inequality also work better.	This isn't only an ethical and political problem: economies with less inequality also work better.	This is only an ethical and political problem: economies with less inequality also work better.
2028	Diese Agenda ist absolut erschwinglich und bezahlbar. Tatsächlich können wir es uns nicht leisten, auf sie zu verzichten.	This agenda is eminently affordable; in fact, we cannot afford not to enact it.	This agenda is absolutely affordable and affordable; in fact, we cannot afford to give it up.	This agenda is absolutely affordable and affordable; in fact, we can't afford to give it up.	This agenda is absolutely affordable and affordable; in fact, we can afford to give it up.
2033	Nur Auslandsinvestitionen zu ermutigen oder alles zu liberalisieren und dann zu warten, dass sich etwas tut, reicht nicht aus.	Encouraging foreign investment or liberalizing everything and then waiting for things to improve does not work.	Only encouraging foreign investment or liberalising everything and then waiting for something to happen is not enough.	Only encouraging foreign investment or liberalising everything and then waiting for something to happen isn't enough.	Only encouraging foreign investment or liberalising everything and then waiting for something to happen is enough.
2038	Schließlich sind Institutionen wie Treibhauspflanzen, die man auch nicht in jedes Erdreich pflanzen und jedem Klima aussetzen kann.	After all, institutions are not hot-house plants capable of being planted in any soil and climate.	After all, institutions such as greenhouse plants are not to be planted in every soil and exposed to any climate.	After all, institutions such as greenhouse plants aren't to be planted in every soil and exposed to any climate.	After all, institutions such as greenhouse plants are to be planted in every soil and exposed to any climate.
2041	Sich auf eine solche Herangehensweise einzulassen, bedeutet bei weitem nicht, von den allgemeinen Wirtschaftsgrundsätzen abzurücken.	Adopting this approach does not mean abandoning mainstream economics--far from it.	Getting involved in such an approach does not mean moving away from the general economic principles.	Getting involved in such an approach doesn't mean moving away from the general economic principles.	Getting involved in such an approach means moving away from the general economic principles.
2044	Die Kritiker des Neoliberalismus sollten nicht die allgemeinen Wirtschaftsgrundsätze bekämpfen, nur ihren Missbrauch.	Critics of neoliberalism should not oppose mainstream economics--only its misuse.	Critics of neoliberalism should not fight the general economic principles, just their abuse.	Critics of neoliberalism shouldn't fight the general economic principles, just their abuse.	Critics of neoliberalism should fight the general economic principles, just their abuse.
2050	Syrien ist – egal in welchem Sinne – kein normales Land und wird es auch auf lange Zeit nicht und möglicherweise nie sein.	Syria is not a normal country in any sense, and it will not be for a long time, if ever.	Syria is – no matter in what sense – not a normal country, and it will not be and possibly never for a long time.	Syria is – no matter in what sense – not a normal country, and it'll not be and possibly never for a long time.	Syria is – matter in what sense – a normal country, and it will be and possibly for a long time.
2055	Allem Gerede über einen Niedergang Amerikas zum Trotz: Die Welt ist nicht auf eine postamerikanische Ära vorbereitet.	Despite talk about American decline, the world is not prepared for a post-American era.	Despite all the talk about America's decline, the world is not prepared for a post-American era.	Despite all the talk about America's decline, the world isn't prepared for a post-American era.	Despite all the talk about America's decline, the world is prepared for a post-American era.
2062	Außerdem ist der Japan-Schock nicht der einzige negative Faktor, der heutzutage eine Rolle spielt.	Moreover, the Japan shock is not the only negative factor at work today.	Moreover, Japan's shock is not the only negative factor that plays a role today.	Moreover, Japan's shock isn't the only negative factor that plays a role today.	Moreover, Japan's shock is the only negative factor that plays a role today.
2098	Doch das bedeutet nicht, dass alle Bemühungen um eine moralischere Welt zum Scheitern verdammt sind.	This does not mean that all efforts to build a more moral world are doomed.	But that does not mean that all efforts to create a more moral world are doomed to failure.	But that doesn't mean that all efforts to create a more moral world are doomed to failure.	But that means that all efforts to create a more moral world are doomed to failure.
2121	Wir wollen keine weitere Spekulationsblase aufpumpen, die so groß ist wie die, die 2007-2008 platzte.	We do not want to inflate another asset-price bubble on the scale of the one that burst in 2007-2008.	We do not want to inflate another bubble of speculation that is as large as the one that burst in 2007-2008.	We don't want to inflate another bubble of speculation that's as large as the one that burst in 2007-2008.	We want to inflate another bubble of speculation that is as large as the one that burst in 2007-2008.
2130	Für 300 Millionen Araber und mehr als eine halbe Milliarde Muslime ist die „Wurzel des Problems“ im Nahostkonflikt nicht die Hisbollah.	Thus, for 300 million Arabs and more than one billion Muslims the “root cause” of the Middle East conflict is not Hezbollah.	For 300 million Arabs and more than half a billion Muslims, the "root of the problem" in the Middle East conflict is not Hezbollah.	For 300 million Arabs and more than half a billion Muslims, the "root of the problem" in the Middle East conflict isn't Hezbollah.	For 300 million Arabs and more than half a billion Muslims, the "root of the problem" in the Middle East conflict is Hezbollah.
2137	So gut wie sicher ist, dass viele der MDGs bis Ende 2015 nicht erreicht werden, aber in einigen Bereichen gab es erstaunliche Fortschritte.	It is virtually certain that many of the MDGs will not have been met by the end of 2015, but there have been striking successes in some areas.	It is almost certain that many of the MDGs will not be reached by the end of 2015, but in some areas there has been astonishing progress.	It's almost certain that many of the MDGs won't be reached by the end of 2015, but in some areas there has been astonishing progress.	It is almost certain that many of the MDGs will be reached by the end of 2015, but in some areas there has been astonishing progress.
2139	Klar ist allerdings, dass die MDGs ein Triumph der Öffentlichkeitsarbeit waren, was ihren Beitrag nicht schmälern soll.	Clearly, however, the MDGs were a public-relations triumph, which is not to belittle their contribution.	It is clear, however, that the MDGs were a triumph of public relations, which should not diminish their contribution.	It's clear, however, that the MDGs were a triumph of public relations, which shouldn't diminish their contribution.	It is clear, however, that the MDGs were a triumph of public relations, which should diminish their contribution.
2144	Warum wir eine globale Anstrengung brauchen, um Entwicklungsländer davon zu überzeugen, zu tun, was gut für sie ist, ist nicht klar.	Why we need a global effort to convince developing countries to do what is good for them is not clear.	It is not clear why we need a global effort to convince developing countries to do what is good for them.	It's not clear why we need a global effort to convince developing countries to do what's good for them.	It is clear why we need a global effort to convince developing countries to do what is good for them.
2163	Aber ein Land scheitert nicht aus freiem Willen, und die Ursachen seiner Schwäche sind nicht unbekannt.	But a country does not fail of its own volition, nor is it weakened by unknown causes.	But a country does not fail out of its own free will, and the causes of its weakness are not unknown.	But a country doesn't fail out of its own free will, and the causes of its weakness aren't unknown.	But a country fails out of its own free will, and the causes of its weakness are unknown.
2174	In Afghanistan stellt der Wiederaufbau eine besondere Schwierigkeit dar, weil die Gesellschaft kein starkes politisches Zentrum besitzt.	Afghanistan poses particular difficulties in reconstruction, as it is not a society with a strong political center.	In Afghanistan, reconstruction is a particular difficulty because society does not have a strong political centre.	In Afghanistan, reconstruction is a particular difficulty because society doesn't have a strong political centre.	In Afghanistan, reconstruction is a particular difficulty because society has a strong political centre.
2185	Diplomatie sollte selbstverständlich nicht als Gefälligkeit oder Zugeständnis angesehen werden, das „Weichheit“ signalisiert.	Diplomacy, of course, should not be viewed as a favor or concession that signals “softness.”	Diplomacy, of course, should not be seen as a favor or concession that signals "softness. "	Diplomacy, of course, shouldn't be seen as a favor or concession that signals "softness. "	Diplomacy, of course, should be seen as a favor or concession that signals "softness. "
2188	Zunächst führt die Bereitschaft, mit anderen Regierungen zu sprechen, nicht immer zu der Fähigkeit, mit ihnen zu arbeiten.	To begin with, a willingness to talk to governments does not always translate into an ability to work with them.	First of all, the willingness to talk to other governments does not always lead to the ability to work with them.	First of all, the willingness to talk to other governments doesn't always lead to the ability to work with them.	First of all, the willingness to talk to other governments does always lead to the ability to work with them.
2193	Die pakistanische Regierung beurteilt die Bedrohungen anders und hat nicht dieselben Prioritäten wie ihr amerikanischer Wohltäter.	Pakistan’s government does not share the same threat assessments or priorities as its American benefactor.	The Pakistani government assesses the threats differently and does not have the same priorities as its American benefactor.	The Pakistani government assesses the threats differently and doesn't have the same priorities as its American benefactor.	The Pakistani government assesses the threats differently and has the same priorities as its American benefactor.
2218	Leider wissen wir nicht, wie lange ein derartiger Anpassungsvorgang dauert.	Unfortunately, we do not know how long it takes for such adaptation to occur.	Unfortunately, we do not know how long such an adjustment process will take.	Unfortunately, we don't know how long such an adjustment process will take.	Unfortunately, we know how long such an adjustment process will take.
2226	Radikale Fundamentalisten können für die grundlegenden Probleme der Region keine wirklichen Lösungen anbieten.	Fundamentalist radicals cannot provide real solutions to the region’s basic problems.	Radical fundamentalists cannot offer real solutions to the region's fundamental problems.	Radical fundamentalists can't offer real solutions to the region's fundamental problems.	Radical fundamentalists can offer real solutions to the region's fundamental problems.
2233	Israel wurde nicht geschaffen, um ein anderes Volk zu beherrschen und darin liegt auch nicht Israels Bestimmung.	Israel was not born, and it is not Israel’s destiny, to govern another people.	Israel was not created to rule another people, nor is it Israel's destiny.	Israel wasn't created to rule another people, nor is it Israel's destiny.	Israel was created to rule another people, nor is it Israel's destiny.
2263	Viele Fächer werden nicht einmal unterrichtet, und es gibt wenige Aufbaustudiengänge.	Many subjects are not even taught, and there are few post-graduate programs.	Many subjects are not even taught, and there are few postgraduate courses.	Many subjects aren't even taught, and there are few postgraduate courses.	Many subjects are even taught, and there are few postgraduate courses.
2281	Die Notwendigkeit eines Kompromisses kann in einer Zeit stetig zunehmender Drohungen und Gegendrohungen gar nicht genug betont werden.	At a time of ever-escalating threats and counter-threats, the imperative of compromise cannot be understated.	The need for compromise cannot be stressed enough in a time of ever-increasing threats and counter-threats.	The need for compromise can't be stressed enough in a time of ever-increasing threats and counter-threats.	The need for compromise can be stressed enough in a time of ever-increasing threats and counter-threats.
2293	In Pakistan ist die Vergewaltigung in der Ehe heute nicht verboten und jährlich kommt es zu 800 Ehrenmorden.	In Pakistan, marital rape is not illegal today, and there are 800 honor killings a year.	In Pakistan, rape in marriage is not prohibited today and there are 800 homicides of honour annually.	In Pakistan, rape in marriage isn't prohibited today and there are 800 homicides of honour annually.	In Pakistan, rape in marriage is prohibited today and there are 800 homicides of honour annually.
2295	Wenn man nicht in Todesangst vor Vergewaltigung und Schlägen daheim lebt, kann man Menschen organisieren, um einen neuen Brunnen zu graben.	If you are not living in mortal fear of rape and beatings at home, you can organize your community to dig a new well.	If you don't live in fear of rape and beatings at home, you can organize people to dig a new well.	If you do not live in fear of rape and beatings at home, you can organize people to dig a new well.	If you live in fear of rape and beatings at home, you can organize people to dig a new well.
2296	Wenn man seine Tochter nicht mit drei einer Genitalverstümmelung ausliefert und sie mit zehn verheiratet, kann sie zur Schule gehen.	If you are not subjecting your daughter to traumatic genital injury at three and marrying her off at ten, she can go to school.	If you don't deliver your daughter to three genital mutilation and marry her at ten, she can go to school.	If you do not deliver your daughter to three genital mutilation and marry her at ten, she can go to school.	If you deliver your daughter to three genital mutilation and marry her at ten, she can go to school.
2336	Die Antwort ist nicht, die globalen Kräfte zu ersticken, sondern sie erträglicher zu machen.	The answer is not to suffocate global forces, but to render them more tolerable.	The answer is not to suffocate the global forces, but to make them more bearable.	The answer isn't to suffocate the global forces, but to make them more bearable.	The answer is to suffocate the global forces, but to make them more bearable.
