2	In letzter Zeit allerdings ist dies schwieriger denn je, ist doch der Goldpreis im letzten Jahrzehnt um über 300 Prozent angestiegen.	Recently, however, this is more difficult than ever, since gold prices have risen by over 300 percent over the last decade.	Recently, however, this has been more difficult than ever, as gold prices have risen by over 300 percent over the last ten years.	Recently , however , this is more difficult than ever , since gold prices have risen by over 300 percent over the last decade gold .	Recently , difficult than ever , since gold prices have risen by over 300 percent over the last decade .
4	Im letzten Dezember argumentierten die Goldbugs, dass der Preis zweifellos in Richtung 2.000 Dollar gehen würde.	Last December, the Goldbugs argued that the price would undoubtedly go towards $2,000.	Last December, the Goldbugs argued that the price would undoubtedly go to $2,000.	Last December , the Goldbugs argued that the price would undoubtedly go towards $ 2,000 December .	Last Goldbugs argued that the price would undoubtedly go towards $ 2,000 .
7	Zugegeben: Es bedarf keiner großen Fantasie, um sich einen noch höheren Goldpreis vorzustellen.	Admittedly, there is no need for a great imagination to imagine an even higher gold price.	Admittedly, there is no need for a great imagination to imagine an even higher price of gold.	Admittedly , there is no need for a great imagination to imagine an even higher gold price need .	Admittedly need for a great imagination to imagine an even higher gold price .
9	Allerdings gab es im Januar 1980 offensichtlich einen „Freak Peak“ in einer Zeit erhöhter geopolitischer Instabilität.	However, there was apparently a "freak peak" in January 1980 at a time of increased geopolitical instability.	In January 1980, however, there was a "freak summit" at a time of increasing geopolitical instability.	However , there was apparently a `` freak peak '' in January 1980 at a time of increased geopolitical instability peak .	apparently a `` freak peak '' in January 1980 at a time of increased geopolitical instability .
10	Und wer sich in dieser Hinsicht wirklich Sorgen macht, könnte in Gold tatsächlich die verlässlichste Absicherung finden.	And those who are really worried about this could actually find the most reliable protection in gold.	And those who are really concerned about it could actually find the most reliable protection in gold.	And those who are really worried about this could actually find the most reliable protection in gold protection .	And those who this could actually find the most reliable protection in gold .
12	Aber die Goldbugs machen sich zu Recht Sorgen, ob die Regierung ein derartiges Engagement unter extremeren Umständen würdigte.	But the Goldbugs are rightly concerned about whether the government appreciated such a commitment in more extreme circumstances.	But the gold bugs are rightly concerned about whether the government appreciated such an obligation in more extreme circumstances.	But the Goldbugs are rightly concerned about whether the government appreciated such a commitment in more extreme circumstances Goldbugs .	But the about whether the government appreciated such a commitment in more extreme circumstances .
14	Wäre es nicht paradox, wenn es der Finanz-Alchemie gelänge, den Wert eines Goldbarrens dramatisch steigen zu lassen?	Wouldn't it be paradoxical if financial alchemy succeeded in dramatically increasing the value of a gold bar?	Wouldn't it be paradoxical if financial chemistry had succeeded in dramatically increasing the value of a gold bar?	Would n't it be paradoxical if financial alchemy succeeded in dramatically increasing the value of a gold bar alchemy ?	Would n't it alchemy succeeded in dramatically increasing the value of a gold bar ?
15	Legionen neuer Verbraucher gewinnen an Kaufkraft und damit steigt zwangsläufig die Nachfrage, wodurch der Preis für knappe Güter steigt.	Legions of new consumers gain in purchasing power and thus inevitably increase demand, thus increasing the price of scarce goods.	Legions of new consumers gain in purchasing power and thus inevitably increase demand and thus the price of scarce goods.	Legions of new consumers gain in purchasing power and thus inevitably increase demand , thus increasing the price of scarce goods Legions .	Legions of new power and thus inevitably increase demand , thus increasing the price of scarce goods .
16	Der Goldpreis ist extrem empfindlich hinsichtlich globaler Veränderungen des Zinssatzes.	Gold price is extremely sensitive to global interest rate changes.	The gold price is extremely sensitive to global interest rate changes.	Gold price is extremely sensitive to global interest rate changes Gold .	is extremely sensitive to global interest rate changes .
17	Wenn aber die realen Zinssätze signifikant ansteigen, wie dies eines Tages durchaus möglich ist, könnte der Goldkurs abstürzen.	But if real interest rates rise significantly, as is quite possible one day, the gold price could crash.	But if real interest rates rise significantly, as it is possible one day, the price of gold could fall.	But if real interest rates rise significantly , as is quite possible one day , the gold price could crash interest .	But rise significantly , as is quite possible one day , the gold price could crash .
20	Die Tendenz ist entweder eine übermäßige Zügelung (Europa) oder eine Streuung der Bemühungen (die Vereinigten Staaten).	The trend is either an excessive curtailment (Europe) or a dispersion of efforts (the United States).	The trend is either excessive circumcision (Europe) or a dispersion of efforts (the United States).	The trend is either an excessive curtailment ( Europe ) or a dispersion of efforts ( the United States ) trend .	an excessive curtailment ( Europe ) or a dispersion of efforts ( the United States ) .
23	Das Ende der ideologischen Teilung zwischen Ost und West und das Ende des absoluten Vertrauens in die Märkte sind historische Wendepunkte.	The end of the ideological division between East and West and the end of absolute confidence in the markets are historical turning points.	The end of the ideological separation between East and West and the end of absolute confidence in the markets are historical turning points.	The end of the ideological division between East and West and the end of absolute confidence in the markets are historical turning points end .	The end East and West and the end of absolute confidence in the markets are historical turning points .
25	Man spürt so etwas wie die Entstehung eines amerikanisch-asiatisch dominierten Universums.	You can feel something like the emergence of an American-Asian dominated universe.	One can feel something like the emergence of an American-Asian dominated universe.	You can feel something like the emergence of an American-Asian dominated universe something .	something like the emergence of an American-Asian dominated universe .
28	Zweifellos waren Millionen Menschen bei Kriegsende zu hungrig und erschöpft, um jenseits des nackten Überlebens viel zu unternehmen.	Undoubtedly, millions of people were too hungry and exhausted at the end of the war to do much beyond naked survival.	Undoubtedly, millions of people at the end of the war were too hungry and exhausted to do much beyond naked survival.	Undoubtedly , millions of people were too hungry and exhausted at the end of the war to do much beyond naked survival millions .	Undoubtedly too hungry and exhausted at the end of the war to do much beyond naked survival .
29	In Ländern wie Frankreich, Italien und Griechenland war von Revolution die Rede.	In countries such as France, Italy and Greece there was talk of revolution.	In countries such as France, Italy and Greece, revolution was spoken of.	In countries such as France , Italy and Greece there was talk of revolution countries .	In France , Italy and Greece there was talk of revolution .
31	Der Schwenk nach links in Richtung sozialdemokratischer Wohlfahrtsstaaten vollzog sich in ganz Westeuropa.	The shift to the left towards social democratic welfare states took place throughout Western Europe.	The transition to the left to social democratic welfare states took place throughout Western Europe.	The shift to the left towards social democratic welfare states took place throughout Western Europe shift .	The shift towards social democratic welfare states took place throughout Western Europe .
38	Die Neoliberalen nahmen die Kosten der Sozialprogramme und die Partikularinteressen der Gewerkschaften ins Visier.	The neoliberals targeted the costs of the social programs and the particular interests of the trade unions.	The neoliberals aimed at the costs of the social programmes and the special interests of the trade unions.	The neoliberals targeted the costs of the social programs and the particular interests of the trade unions neoliberals .	The of the social programs and the particular interests of the trade unions .
39	Die Bürger, so meinte man, müssten stärker selbstverantwortlich agieren. Staatliche Sozialprogramme würden sie träge und abhängig machen.	The citizens, it was said, had to act more self-responsibly, making them sluggish and dependent on state social programmes.	Citizens would have to act more responsibly, which would make them sluggish and dependent on state social programmes.	The citizens , it was said , had to act more self-responsibly , making them sluggish and dependent on state social programmes citizens .	The , had to act more self-responsibly , making them sluggish and dependent on state social programmes .
41	Aber neue Bestrebungen in Richtung sozialer und wirtschaftlicher Gleichheit sowie internationaler Solidarität sind dringend erforderlich.	But new efforts towards social and economic equality and international solidarity are urgently needed.	But new efforts to achieve social and economic equality and international solidarity are urgently needed.	But new efforts towards social and economic equality and international solidarity are urgently needed efforts .	But social and economic equality and international solidarity are urgently needed .
42	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And this shift would take place in a time of growing challenges for US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world shift .	And that shift time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world .
44	Aus bulgarischer Perspektive erscheint die moralische Missionierung durch die Briten jedoch als Heuchelei.	From a Bulgarian perspective, however, the British's moral missionary work appears to be hypocrisy.	From a Bulgarian point of view, however, the moral missionary work of the British seems to be hypocrisy.	From a Bulgarian perspective , however , the British 's moral missionary work appears to be hypocrisy perspective .	From a Bulgarian the British 's moral missionary work appears to be hypocrisy .
45	Beide Seiten behaupteten, von den Handlungen der jeweils anderen moralisch abgestoßen zu sein.	Both sides claimed to be morally disgusted by the actions of each other.	Both sides claimed to be morally disgusted by the actions of the others.	Both sides claimed to be morally disgusted by the actions of each other sides .	Both be morally disgusted by the actions of each other .
46	Für einen Betrachter aus dem Jahr 1989 würde sich die aktuelle Situation zweifellos absurd präsentieren.	For a viewer from 1989 the current situation would undoubtedly be absurd.	For a 1989 spectator, the current situation would undoubtedly be absurd.	For a viewer from 1989 the current situation would undoubtedly be absurd viewer .	from 1989 the current situation would undoubtedly be absurd .
47	Wie so oft zeigen sich tiefgreifende historische Veränderungen zuerst in der Populärkultur und erst später in der formellen Politik.	As so often, profound historical changes are manifested first in popular culture and only later in formal politics.	As so often, profound historical changes manifest themselves first in popular culture and only later in formal politics.	As so often , profound historical changes are manifested first in popular culture and only later in formal politics changes .	As historical changes are manifested first in popular culture and only later in formal politics .
49	Neue, durch die Technologie ermöglichte Finanzinstrumente boten einigen Gelegenheit, enorme Summen zu verdienen.	New financial instruments made possible by technology offered some opportunity to earn enormous sums.	New financial instruments made possible by the technology offered a certain chance to earn enormous sums.	New financial instruments made possible by technology offered some opportunity to earn enormous sums New .	New possible by technology offered some opportunity to earn enormous sums .
50	Zudem sollten wir sicherstellen, dass wir die internationalen Institutionen mit den nötigen Ressourcen und Zuständigkeiten ausstatten.	We should also ensure that we provide the international institutions with the necessary resources and responsibilities.	We should also ensure that we make the necessary resources and responsibilities available to the international institutions.	We should also ensure that we provide the international institutions with the necessary resources and responsibilities institutions .	We that we provide the international institutions with the necessary resources and responsibilities .
51	Sofern wir nicht bald Kurs wechseln, wird die Welt des Jahres 2118 jeden Grund haben, mit Verachtung auf uns herabzuschauen.	Unless we change course soon, the world of 2118 will have every reason to look down upon us with contempt.	If we do not change course soon, the world of 2118 will have every reason to look down upon us with contempt.	Unless we change course soon , the world of 2118 will have every reason to look down upon us with contempt course .	Unless we change world of 2118 will have every reason to look down upon us with contempt .
52	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And this shift would take place in a time of growing challenges for US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world shift .	And at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world .
56	Napoleon, Alexander und Wilson wünschten sich eine durch rationale Gesetze regierte und befriedete Welt.	Napoleon, Alexander and Wilson wished for a world governed and pacified by rational laws.	Napoleon, Alexander and Wilson wanted a world governed and satisfied by rational laws.	Napoleon , Alexander and Wilson wished for a world governed and pacified by rational laws Napoleon .	Napoleon Wilson wished for a world governed and pacified by rational laws .
58	Der Arabische Frühling endete in bitterer Desillusionierung durch Repressionen, Bürgerkrieg, Elend und Tod.	The Arab Spring ended in bitter disillusionment through repression, civil war, misery and death.	The Arab Spring ended with bitter disillusionment through repression, civil war, misery and death.	The Arab Spring ended in bitter disillusionment through repression , civil war , misery and death Spring .	ended in bitter disillusionment through repression , civil war , misery and death .
59	Wie so oft hatte die politische Ernüchterung auch ein wirtschaftliches Gegenstück.	As so often, political disillusionment also had an economic counterpart.	As so often, political disillusionment had an economic counterpart.	As so often , political disillusionment also had an economic counterpart disillusionment .	often , political disillusionment also had an economic counterpart .
60	Statt dessen wurde der Deflationsdruck durch die Globalisierung und den technologischen Wandel angetrieben.	Instead, deflation pressure was driven by globalization and technological change.	Instead, the deflation pressure was driven by globalization and technological change.	Instead , deflation pressure was driven by globalization and technological change deflation .	Instead pressure was driven by globalization and technological change .
61	Zynismus ist die unvermeidliche Antwort auf eine Periode zu vieler Versprechen und zu weniger Verwirklichungen.	Cynicism is the inevitable response to a period of too many promises and less realizations.	Cynicism is the inevitable response to a period of too many promises and less knowledge.	Cynicism is the inevitable response to a period of too many promises and less realizations Cynicism .	inevitable response to a period of too many promises and less realizations .
62	Und wenn er sich festsetzt, schafft er die Bedingungen für eine „Politik jenseits der Wahrheit“.	And when he settles down, he creates the conditions for a "policy beyond the truth."	And when he settles down, he creates the conditions for a "policy beyond the truth".	And when he settles down , he creates the conditions for a `` policy beyond the truth . conditions ''	And when he creates the conditions for a `` policy beyond the truth . ''
63	Aber was die sozioökonomische Mobilität betrifft, hinkt es heute hinter anderen Industriestaaten her.	But as far as socio-economic mobility is concerned, it is now lagging behind other industrialised countries.	However, as far as socio-economic mobility is concerned, it is now lagging behind other industrialised countries.	But as far as socio-economic mobility is concerned , it is now lagging behind other industrialised countries mobility .	But as far concerned , it is now lagging behind other industrialised countries .
64	Europas Versprechen besteht in Toleranz und gemeinsamen Werten.	Europe's promise is tolerance and common values.	Europe's promise is tolerance and shared values.	Europe 's promise is tolerance and common values Europe .	promise is tolerance and common values .
66	Genauer gesagt, in den 2010ern wurde das Versprechen einer globalen, auf Regeln beruhenden Ordnung gebrochen.	More precisely, in the 2010s, the promise of a global order based on rules was broken.	More precisely, in the 2010s, the promise of a global order was broken on the basis of rules.	More precisely , in the 2010s , the promise of a global order based on rules was broken promise .	More precisely , the promise of a global order based on rules was broken .
67	Sie haben nicht nur militärische Macht, sondern auch ihre ganz eigenen Ideen.	They have not only military power, but also their very own ideas.	They have not only military power, but also their own ideas.	They have not only military power , but also their very own ideas power .	They military power , but also their very own ideas .
68	Sie waren Zeiten, in denen die „Kühnheit der Hoffnung“ hinter Verzweiflung, Enttäuschung und Falschheit verschwand.	They were times when "the boldness of hope" disappeared behind despair, disappointment, and falsehood.	There were times when "the boldness of hope" disappeared behind despair, disappointment and falsehood.	They were times when `` the boldness of hope '' disappeared behind despair , disappointment , and falsehood times .	They were times of hope '' disappeared behind despair , disappointment , and falsehood .
71	Es war für mich klar, dass Reisen ins All eine Selbstverständlichkeit sein würden, wenn ich einmal so um die 40 bin.	It was clear to me that travelling into space would be a matter of course once I was around 40.	I knew it would be a matter of course to travel to space as soon as I was about 40 years old.	It was clear to me that travelling into space would be a matter of course once I was around 40 space .	It that travelling into space would be a matter of course once I was around 40 .
74	Nach Einbruch der Dunkelheit wurde eine Leinwand aufgestellt und Mark zeigte uns Videos aus dem Weltraum.	After dark a screen was set up and Mark showed us videos from space.	After dark, a screen was set up and Mark showed us videos from space.	After dark a screen was set up and Mark showed us videos from space screen .	After was set up and Mark showed us videos from space .
75	Schließlich beteiligte ich mich an der Firma Space Adventures, die Shuttleworths Trip in den Weltraum organisiert hatte.	Finally, I took part in the company Space Adventures, which had organized Shuttleworth's trip into space.	Finally, I took part in the company Space Adventures, which had organized Shuttleworth's journey into space.	Finally , I took part in the company Space Adventures , which had organized Shuttleworth 's trip into space part .	Finally in the company Space Adventures , which had organized Shuttleworth 's trip into space .
77	In mancher Hinsicht ist die Einschätzung des Papstes natürlich gerechtfertigt.	In some respects, the Pope's assessment is, of course, justified.	In some respects, the Pope's judgment is, of course, justified.	In some respects , the Pope 's assessment is , of course , justified respects .	In the Pope 's assessment is , of course , justified .
79	(Würde TTIP für andere Volkswirtschaften – wie Mexiko, Kanada oder die Türkei – geöffnet, wäre der Nutzen sogar noch größer.)	(If TTIP were open to other economies, such as Mexico, Canada or Turkey, the benefits would be even greater.)	(If TTIP were open to other economies such as Mexico, Canada or Turkey, the benefits would be even greater.)	( If TTIP were open to other economies , such as Mexico , Canada or Turkey , the benefits would be even greater . TTIP )	( If TTIP were such as Mexico , Canada or Turkey , the benefits would be even greater . )
81	Als TTIP vorgeschlagen wurde, schien Europa den Wert des Abkommens zu erkennen.	When TTIP was proposed, Europe seemed to recognize the value of the agreement.	When TTIP was proposed, Europe seemed to recognise the value of the agreement.	When TTIP was proposed , Europe seemed to recognize the value of the agreement TTIP .	When , Europe seemed to recognize the value of the agreement .
83	Aber die EU-Politiker haben das Projekt mehr oder weniger aufgegeben und damit die amerikanischen Sorgen bestätigt.	But the EU politicians have more or less abandoned the project and thus confirmed American concerns.	But EU policymakers have abandoned the project more or less, confirming American concerns.	But the EU politicians have more or less abandoned the project and thus confirmed American concerns EU .	But have more or less abandoned the project and thus confirmed American concerns .
84	Und sie müssen ihre Verpflichtung erneuern, die Verhandlungen 2015 erfolgreich zum Abschluss zu bringen.	And they must renew their commitment to bring the negotiations to a successful conclusion in 2015.	And they must renew their commitment to a successful conclusion of the negotiations in 2015.	And they must renew their commitment to bring the negotiations to a successful conclusion in 2015 commitment .	renew their commitment to bring the negotiations to a successful conclusion in 2015 .
87	Präsident Barack Obama könnte jetzt durch den Kongress eine so genannte Schnellverhandlungsermächtigung erhalten.	President Barack Obama could now be granted a so-called quick-negotiation authorisation by Congress.	President Barack Obama could now receive a so-called rapid negotiation permit from Congress.	President Barack Obama could now be granted a so-called quick-negotiation authorisation by Congress President .	could now be granted a so-called quick-negotiation authorisation by Congress .
88	Dann könnte der Kongress, anstatt die einzelnen Details zu zerpflücken, jedes verhandeltes Abkommen einfach annehmen oder ablehnen.	Then, instead of picking up the details, Congress could simply accept or reject any negotiated agreement.	Then, instead of taking up the details, Congress could simply accept or reject any negotiated agreement.	Then , instead of picking up the details , Congress could simply accept or reject any negotiated agreement details .	Then , instead details , Congress could simply accept or reject any negotiated agreement .
89	Während jetzt die US-Wahlsaison beginnt, könnte die EU-Agenda im neuen Jahr leicht durch andere Themen in Beschlag genommen werden.	While the US election season is now starting, the EU agenda could easily be seized by other issues in the new year.	While the US election season is now starting, the EU agenda could easily be covered by other issues in the new year.	While the US election season is now starting , the EU agenda could easily be seized by other issues in the new year US .	While the starting , the EU agenda could easily be seized by other issues in the new year .
92	Zunächst einmal wächst der Welthandel jährlich nur um magere 2%, verglichen mit 8% von in den Jahren von 2003 bis 2007.	First of all, world trade is growing by only 2% per year, compared to 8% in the years 2003 to 2007.	First of all, world trade is growing by only 2% per year, compared with 8% between 2003 and 2007.	First of all , world trade is growing by only 2 % per year , compared to 8 % in the years 2003 to 2007 First .	First of all , only 2 % per year , compared to 8 % in the years 2003 to 2007 .
93	Selbst wenn das BIP-Wachstum das Handelswachstum in diesem Jahr übertreffen sollte, wird es doch kaum über 2,7% liegen.	Even if GDP growth exceeded trade growth this year, it will hardly exceed 2.7%.	Although GDP growth this year exceeded trade growth, it will hardly exceed 2.7%.	Even if GDP growth exceeded trade growth this year , it will hardly exceed 2.7 % GDP .	Even if trade growth this year , it will hardly exceed 2.7 % .
94	Die Harvard-Ökonomen Carmen Reinhart und Kenneth Rogoff sagen, ein Land brauche fünf Jahre, um sich von einer Finanzkrise zu erholen.	Harvard economists Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff say a country needs five years to recover from a financial crisis.	Harvard economists Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff say that a country takes five years to recover from a financial crisis.	Harvard economists Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff say a country needs five years to recover from a financial crisis Harvard .	Harvard Kenneth Rogoff say a country needs five years to recover from a financial crisis .
95	Und tatsächlich sind die finanziellen Verwerfungen von 2007-2008 größtenteils abgeklungen.	And in fact, the financial distortions of 2007-2008 have largely subsided.	And indeed, the financial distortions of 2007-2008 have largely decreased.	And in fact , the financial distortions of 2007-2008 have largely subsided fact .	And the financial distortions of 2007-2008 have largely subsided .
98	Diese Dynamik kehrte sich etwa im März 2008 um, als die USA ihre fünftgrößte Investmentbank, Bear Sterns, vor dem Zusammenbruch retteten.	This momentum reversed around March 2008, when the US rescued its fifth-largest investment bank, Bear Sterns, from collapse.	This momentum returned around March 2008, when the US rescued its fifth-largest investment bank, Bear Sterns, from collapse.	This momentum reversed around March 2008 , when the US rescued its fifth-largest investment bank , Bear Sterns , from collapse momentum .	This momentum , when the US rescued its fifth-largest investment bank , Bear Sterns , from collapse .
100	Gerade als diese Rezession wieder beendet schien, kamen die Entwicklungs- und Schwellenländer ins Schleudern.	Just as this recession seemed to have come to an end, the developing and emerging economies were slinging.	Just as this recession seemed to have ended, the developing and emerging economies were slowing down.	Just as this recession seemed to have come to an end , the developing and emerging economies were slinging recession .	seemed to have come to an end , the developing and emerging economies were slinging .
102	Diese Probleme werden nun durch die Abschwächung des Wachstums in China verstärkt, des Dreh- und Angelpunkts des globalen Handels.	These problems are now exacerbated by the weakening of growth in China, the focal point of global trade.	These problems are now exacerbated by the weakening of growth in China, the focus of global trade.	These problems are now exacerbated by the weakening of growth in China , the focal point of global trade problems .	These problems are weakening of growth in China , the focal point of global trade .
104	Steigende Zinsen bei den Unternehmensanleihen sind ein Hinweis auf langsameres Wachstum in den USA.	Rising interest rates on corporate bonds are an indication of slower growth in the US.	Rising interest rates on corporate bonds are a sign of slower growth in the US.	Rising interest rates on corporate bonds are an indication of slower growth in the US interest .	Rising interest bonds are an indication of slower growth in the US .
105	Und den Politiker, die einfach dahintreiben, mangelt es an politischen Handlungsmöglichkeiten gegen diese Trends.	And the politicians who simply drift away lack political action against these trends.	And the politicians who just drifted away lack political action against these trends.	And the politicians who simply drift away lack political action against these trends politicians .	And the drift away lack political action against these trends .
108	Aber die Ungleichheit wurde noch schlimmer. Beunruhigende Daten zeigen, dass die Menschen in den USA früher sterben.	But inequality became even worse. Worrying data show that people in the US die earlier.	But inequality got worse. Worrying data shows that people in the US die earlier.	But inequality became even worse . Worrying data show that people in the US die earlier inequality .	But inequality . Worrying data show that people in the US die earlier .
109	Dabei stellen die USA ein Extrem dieses Trends dar, während die Lage anderswo etwas besser ist.	The US is an extreme of this trend, while the situation is a little better elsewhere.	The US is an extreme of this trend, while the situation elsewhere is a little better.	The US is an extreme of this trend , while the situation is a little better elsewhere US .	The US this trend , while the situation is a little better elsewhere .
112	Immerhin waren es die Republikaner, die den Verlierern der von ihnen eifrig vorangetriebenen Globalisierung ihre Unterstützung versagten.	After all, it was the Republicans who failed to support the losers of the globalization they eagerly pursued.	After all, it was the Republicans who failed to support the losers of the globalization they zealously pursued.	After all , it was the Republicans who failed to support the losers of the globalization they eagerly pursued Republicans .	After the Republicans who failed to support the losers of the globalization they eagerly pursued .
113	Donald Trump hat den Geist der Zeit erfasst: Die Dinge liefen nicht gut, und viele Wähler wollten Veränderungen.	Donald Trump has grasped the spirit of time: things didn't go well, and many voters wanted change.	Donald Trump understood the spirit of time: things didn't go well, and many voters wanted change.	Donald Trump has grasped the spirit of time : things did n't go well , and many voters wanted change Donald .	Donald Trump has time : things did n't go well , and many voters wanted change .
115	Vielleicht möchte Trump mit seiner Version wirtschaftlichen Voodoo-Zaubers die üblichen ökonomischen Gesetze außer Kraft setzen.	Trump may want to override the usual economic laws with his version of economic voodoo spells.	Trump might want to overwrite the usual economic laws with his version of economic voodoo spells.	Trump may want to override the usual economic laws with his version of economic voodoo spells Trump .	Trump may the usual economic laws with his version of economic voodoo spells .
117	Die wachsende gegenseitige Abhängigkeit unserer Gesellschaften kompliziert die Situation noch weiter.	The growing interdependence of our societies complicates the situation even further.	The increasing interdependence of our societies makes the situation even more difficult.	The growing interdependence of our societies complicates the situation even further interdependence .	interdependence of our societies complicates the situation even further .
118	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And this shift would take place in a time of growing challenges for US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world shift .	And that shift time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world .
122	Allerdings ist die Welt durch die Globalisierung nicht flacher, sondern noch gebirgiger und unebener geworden.	However, globalisation has not made the world flatter, but more mountainous and uneven.	But globalization has not made the world flatter, but more mountainous and uneven.	However , globalisation has not made the world flatter , but more mountainous and uneven globalisation .	has not made the world flatter , but more mountainous and uneven .
124	Und obwohl es technisch gesehen heute mehr Demokratien als 1989 gibt, entwickeln sich viele unter ihnen zunehmend illiberal.	And although, technically speaking, there are more democracies today than in 1989, many of them are developing increasingly illiberal.	And although, technically speaking, there are more democracies today than in 1989, many of them are developing increasingly unliberal.	And although , technically speaking , there are more democracies today than in 1989 , many of them are developing increasingly illiberal democracies .	And there are more democracies today than in 1989 , many of them are developing increasingly illiberal .
126	Eine wachsende Kluft zwischen Eliten und allen, die „abgehängt“ wurden, hat die Politik über eine Generation lang vergiftet.	A growing gap between elites and all those who were "posted" has poisoned politics for over a generation.	A growing gap between elites and all those who have been "posted" has poisoned politics for over a generation.	A growing gap between elites and all those who were `` posted '' has poisoned politics for over a generation gap .	elites and all those who were `` posted '' has poisoned politics for over a generation .
129	Und nun drohen künstliche Intelligenz und Automatisierung Routinejobs zu übernehmen und soziale Spaltungen zu verschärfen.	And now artificial intelligence and automation threaten to take over routine jobs and intensify social divisions.	And now artificial intelligence and automation threaten to take over routine jobs and reinforce social divisions.	And now artificial intelligence and automation threaten to take over routine jobs and intensify social divisions intelligence .	And now automation threaten to take over routine jobs and intensify social divisions .
132	Allgemeiner gesprochen müssen wir nun die Ärmel aufkrempeln, um die Globalisierung in den Griff zu bekommen.	More generally, we now need to roll up our sleeves to get globalisation under control.	In general, we now need to roll up our sleeves to get globalisation under control.	More generally , we now need to roll up our sleeves to get globalisation under control sleeves .	we now need to roll up our sleeves to get globalisation under control .
137	Es ist verlockend, die Uhr anhalten zu wollen und sich vor schwierigen Entscheidungen zu drücken.	It is tempting to stop the clock and to avoid difficult decisions.	It is tempting to stop the clock and avoid difficult decisions.	It is tempting to stop the clock and to avoid difficult decisions clock .	It is the clock and to avoid difficult decisions .
140	Wenn mutige Menschen nicht handeln, wird sich der Bogen der Geschichte nicht in Richtung Gerechtigkeit oder verbesserte Ergebnisse wenden.	If courageous people do not act, the arc of history will not turn towards justice or improved results.	If courageous people do not act, the arc of history will not turn to justice or to improved results.	If courageous people do not act , the arc of history will not turn towards justice or improved results people .	not act , the arc of history will not turn towards justice or improved results .
141	Von ihr hängt die Politik der USA in vielen Bereichen ab – Handel, Energie, Steuern, Schulden, Verteidigung, Klima und anderen.	U.S. policy depends on it in many areas – trade, energy, taxes, debt, defence, climate and others.	US policy depends on it in many areas – trade, energy, taxes, debt, defense, climate and others.	U.S. policy depends on it in many areas – trade , energy , taxes , debt , defence , climate and others U.S. .	U.S. policy depends on trade , energy , taxes , debt , defence , climate and others .
142	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And this shift would take place in a time of growing challenges for US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world shift .	And at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world .
146	Unter den Republikanern herrscht viel weniger Unsicherheit: Sollte er nicht vom Blitz erschlagen werden, wird Trump wohl erneut nominiert.	There is much less uncertainty among the Republicans: should he not be struck by lightning, Trump will probably be nominated again.	There is much less uncertainty among Republicans: if it is not struck by lightning, Trump will probably be nominated again.	There is much less uncertainty among the Republicans : should he not be struck by lightning , Trump will probably be nominated again uncertainty .	There is much less should he not be struck by lightning , Trump will probably be nominated again .
148	Laut Umfragen legen die Demokraten bei ihrer Entscheidung für einen Kandidaten vor allem Wert darauf, dass er oder sie Trump schlagen kann.	According to polls, in their decision for a candidate, the democrats attach particular importance to the fact that he or she can beat Trump.	According to the polls, the Democrats attach particular importance to the fact that they can beat Trump when they decide for a candidate.	According to polls , in their decision for a candidate , the democrats attach particular importance to the fact that he or she can beat Trump polls .	According decision for a candidate , the democrats attach particular importance to the fact that he or she can beat Trump .
150	Gehen diese Trends weiter, könnte die Präsidentschaftswahl von 2020 ebenso dramatisch und unvorhersehbar verlaufen wie die vorherige.	If these trends continue, the 2020 presidential election could be as dramatic and unpredictable as the previous one.	If these trends continue, the 2020 presidential elections could be as dramatic and unpredictable as the previous ones.	If these trends continue , the 2020 presidential election could be as dramatic and unpredictable as the previous one trends .	If these trends presidential election could be as dramatic and unpredictable as the previous one .
151	Aber dabei stehen ihnen aufgrund der Rückkehr von Nationalismus engem Stammesbewusstseins immer mehr neue Hindernisse im Weg.	But there are more and more new obstacles in their way because of the return of nationalism of close tribal consciousness.	But there are more and more new obstacles on their way because of the return of nationalism of narrow tribal consciousness.	But there are more and more new obstacles in their way because of the return of nationalism of close tribal consciousness obstacles .	and more new obstacles in their way because of the return of nationalism of close tribal consciousness .
153	Die Welt ist an einem Scheideweg, an dem eine Wendung den entscheidenden Unterschied machen kann.	The world is at a crossroads where a turn can make the decisive difference.	The world is at a crossroads where a turning can make the decisive difference.	The world is at a crossroads where a turn can make the decisive difference world .	The world crossroads where a turn can make the decisive difference .
157	Aber dank der disruptiven Entwicklung von Globalisierung und Technologie war der Boden unter unseren Füßen immer schon unsicher.	But thanks to the disruptive development of globalization and technology, the ground under our feet has always been unsafe.	But thanks to the disruptive development of globalization and technology, the ground under our feet has always been insecure.	But thanks to the disruptive development of globalization and technology , the ground under our feet has always been unsafe thanks .	But thanks of globalization and technology , the ground under our feet has always been unsafe .
158	Jetzt, wo die Bruchstellen sichtbar geworden sind, ist es ganz klar an der Zeit, unser Modell der Wählerdemokratie zu bewerten.	Now that the fractures have become visible, it is clear that it is time to evaluate our model of electoral democracy.	Now that the breaks have become visible, it is clear that it is time to evaluate our model of electoral democracy.	Now that the fractures have become visible , it is clear that it is time to evaluate our model of electoral democracy fractures .	Now that , it is clear that it is time to evaluate our model of electoral democracy .
160	Wenn die Federal Reserve der USA Liquidität in die Finanzmärkte pumpt, spürt das die ganze Welt.	When the US Federal Reserve pumps liquidity into the financial markets, the whole world feels it.	When the US Federal Reserve pumps liquidity into the financial markets, it feels the whole world.	When the US Federal Reserve pumps liquidity into the financial markets , the whole world feels it US .	When pumps liquidity into the financial markets , the whole world feels it .
164	Dies ist weder eine korrekte Beschreibung noch eine sinnvolle Terminologie für Terrorakte, die man korrekter als kriminell beschreibt.	This is neither a correct description nor a meaningful terminology for acts of terrorism, which are more correctly described as criminal.	This is neither a correct description nor a meaningful terminology for terrorist acts, which are more correctly referred to as criminal.	This is neither a correct description nor a meaningful terminology for acts of terrorism , which are more correctly described as criminal description .	This is a meaningful terminology for acts of terrorism , which are more correctly described as criminal .
167	Für alle anderen wurde eine Art Notstand ausgerufen, der die Einmischung des Staates in grundlegende Bürgerrechte ermöglicht.	For all others, a sort of state of emergency has been declared, which allows the state to interfere with fundamental civil rights.	For all others, a kind of state of emergency has been declared which allows the state to interfere in fundamental civil rights.	For all others , a sort of state of emergency has been declared , which allows the state to interfere with fundamental civil rights others .	For all others of emergency has been declared , which allows the state to interfere with fundamental civil rights .
168	Grenzkontrollen sind für viele zu einer Qual geworden, und etliche Menschen haben unter polizeilichen Schikanen zu leiden.	Border controls have become a torture for many, and a number of people suffer from police harassment.	Border controls have become torture for many, and a number of people suffer from police harassment.	Border controls have become a torture for many , and a number of people suffer from police harassment Border .	Border torture for many , and a number of people suffer from police harassment .
169	Ein Klima der Angst macht allen das Leben schwer, die verdächtig aussehen oder handeln, besonders Muslimen.	A climate of fear makes life difficult for all who look suspicious or act, especially Muslims.	A climate of fear makes life difficult for those who look suspicious or act, especially Muslims.	A climate of fear makes life difficult for all who look suspicious or act , especially Muslims climate .	A life difficult for all who look suspicious or act , especially Muslims .
170	Als derartige Freiheitsbeschränkungen beschlossen wurden, trafen sie auf keinen großen öffentlichen Widerstand.	When such restrictions of freedom were decided, they did not face much public opposition.	When such restrictions of freedom were decided, they were not faced with much public opposition.	When such restrictions of freedom were decided , they did not face much public opposition restrictions .	When freedom were decided , they did not face much public opposition .
174	Die Deutschen benutzen dieses Argument auf jeden Fall, um sich aus dem Geschehen herauszuhalten, wo immer dies nur möglich ist.	The Germans use this argument in any case to stay out of what is happening wherever this is possible.	The Germans use this argument in any case to stay away from what is happening wherever possible.	The Germans use this argument in any case to stay out of what is happening wherever this is possible Germans .	The Germans any case to stay out of what is happening wherever this is possible .
175	Bei jedem Zugunglück oder Flugzeugabsturz wird nun zuerst vermutet, dass es sich um einen Terrorakt handelt.	In every train accident or plane crash, it is now first suspected that it is an act of terror.	In every train accident or plane crash, it is now first assumed that it is a terrorist act.	In every train accident or plane crash , it is now first suspected that it is an act of terror train .	In every crash , it is now first suspected that it is an act of terror .
176	Somit war der 11. September direkt oder indirekt ein großer Schock, sowohl psychologisch als auch für unsere politischen Systeme.	Thus, September 11 was, directly or indirectly, a great shock, both psychologically and for our political systems.	September 11 was, directly or indirectly, a great shock, both psychologically and for our political systems.	Thus , September 11 was , directly or indirectly , a great shock , both psychologically and for our political systems September .	was , directly or indirectly , a great shock , both psychologically and for our political systems .
179	Doch in manchen Fällen könnte der harmonisierte Standard strikter sein als die Originalstandards in einigen Ländern.	However, in some cases the harmonised standard could be stricter than the original standards in some countries.	In some cases, however, the harmonised standard could be more stringent than the original standards in some countries.	However , in some cases the harmonised standard could be stricter than the original standards in some countries cases .	cases the harmonised standard could be stricter than the original standards in some countries .
180	Würde man diese Politik auf Unternehmen aus Drittländern ausweiten, hätte das enorm liberalisierende Auswirkungen.	If this policy were extended to companies from third countries, it would have enormous liberalising effects.	If this policy were extended to companies from third countries, it would have enormous liberalisation effects.	If this policy were extended to companies from third countries , it would have enormous liberalising effects policy .	If this companies from third countries , it would have enormous liberalising effects .
181	Überdies sind die WTO-Regeln nicht gleich, wenn es um Zölle und Standards geht.	Moreover, WTO rules are not the same when it comes to tariffs and standards.	Moreover, WTO rules on customs duties and standards are not the same.	Moreover , WTO rules are not the same when it comes to tariffs and standards WTO .	rules are not the same when it comes to tariffs and standards .
182	Das ähnelt einem WTO-Test für Abweichungen von etablierten internationalen Standards.	This is similar to a WTO test for deviations from established international standards.	This is comparable to a WTO test for deviations from the applicable international standards.	This is similar to a WTO test for deviations from established international standards WTO .	This a WTO test for deviations from established international standards .
184	Der zweite Mangel der Maßnahme ist allerdings, dass die Einschnitte bei den Ausgaben, die hier verhängt werden, bescheiden sind.	The second lack of the measure, however, is that the cuts in expenditure imposed here are modest.	However, the second lack of the measure is that the expenditure cuts imposed here are modest.	The second lack of the measure , however , is that the cuts in expenditure imposed here are modest lack .	the measure , however , is that the cuts in expenditure imposed here are modest .
185	Der dritte und schädlichste Fehler freilich ist, dass die Ausgabesenkungen in den falschen Stellen erfolgen.	The third and most harmful mistake, of course, is that the output cuts are made in the wrong places.	The third and most harmful error, of course, is that the output savings are made in the wrong places.	The third and most harmful mistake , of course , is that the output cuts are made in the wrong places mistake .	The mistake , of course , is that the output cuts are made in the wrong places .
186	Wachstum ist zunächst einmal die beste Möglichkeit, um die Haushaltsdefizite des Landes abzubauen.	First of all, growth is the best way to reduce the country's budget deficits.	First, growth is the best way to reduce the country's budget deficits.	First of all , growth is the best way to reduce the country 's budget deficits First .	, growth is the best way to reduce the country 's budget deficits .
188	Ein Abbau der Defizite zur Anhebung der Schuldengrenze war richtig, aber das Gesetz vom 2. August geht diesen falsch an.	A reduction in deficits to raise the debt limit was correct, but the law of August 2 is wrong about it.	A reduction in deficits to raise the debt limit was correct, but the law of August 2 is wrong.	A reduction in deficits to raise the debt limit was correct , but the law of August 2 is wrong about it reduction .	A reduction in limit was correct , but the law of August 2 is wrong about it .
190	Großbritannien, Frankreich und Spanien arbeiten an einem Gegenplan, der die Exekutive der größten EU-Staaten stärken soll.	Britain, France and Spain are working on a counter-plan to strengthen the executive of the largest EU countries.	Britain, France and Spain are working on a counter-plan to strengthen the executive power of the largest EU countries.	Britain , France and Spain are working on a counter-plan to strengthen the executive of the largest EU countries Britain .	Britain , working on a counter-plan to strengthen the executive of the largest EU countries .
191	Die Themen scheinen so kompliziert, dass selbst Zeitungen und Fernsehsender kaum mehr über die Aktivitäten des Konvents berichten.	The issues seem so complicated that even newspapers and television stations hardly report on the Convention's activities.	The problems seem so complicated that even newspapers and television stations hardly report on the Convention's activities.	The issues seem so complicated that even newspapers and television stations hardly report on the Convention 's activities issues .	The that even newspapers and television stations hardly report on the Convention 's activities .
193	Daher sollten bestimmte Leistungen einer größeren geographischen Einheit zugeteilt werden.	Certain services should therefore be allocated to a larger geographical unit.	Certain services should therefore be assigned to a larger geographical unit.	Certain services should therefore be allocated to a larger geographical unit Certain .	Certain therefore be allocated to a larger geographical unit .
196	Die kulturellen Unterschiede sind zu stark, und deshalb wäre es absurd, Bildung und Kultur auf eine supranationale Ebene zu delegieren.	The cultural differences are too strong, and therefore it would be absurd to delegate education and culture to a supranational level.	The cultural differences are too strong, and so it would be absurd to delegate education and culture to a supranational level.	The cultural differences are too strong , and therefore it would be absurd to delegate education and culture to a supranational level differences .	The , and therefore it would be absurd to delegate education and culture to a supranational level .
198	In der amerikanischen Verfassung sind zum Beispiel keine ausgeglichenen Haushalte für die Staaten vorgeschrieben.	For example, the United States Constitution does not require a balanced budget for the states.	For example, the United States Constitution does not require a balanced budget for the States.	For example , the United States Constitution does not require a balanced budget for the states example .	For United States Constitution does not require a balanced budget for the states .
199	Außen- und Militärpolitik gehören par excellence zur Regierungsspitze.	Foreign and military policies are part of the government's leadership.	Foreign and military policy is part of the government's leadership.	Foreign and military policies are part of the government 's leadership Foreign .	Foreign policies are part of the government 's leadership .
201	Diese Erwägungen legen eine Reihe von Prinzipien für die Mitglieder des Konvents nahe:	These considerations suggest a number of principles for the members of the Convention:	These considerations reflect a number of principles for the members of the Convention:	These considerations suggest a number of principles for the members of the Convention considerations :	a number of principles for the members of the Convention :
202	1. Die Europäische Verfassung sollte eindeutig festlegen, welche Vorrechte Europa und welche den Mitgliedsstaaten gehören.	1. The European Constitution should clearly define which prerogatives Europe and which belong to the Member States.	1. The European Constitution should clearly define which prerogatives Europe has and which belong to the Member States.	1 . The European Constitution should clearly define which prerogatives Europe and which belong to the Member States Constitution .	1 should clearly define which prerogatives Europe and which belong to the Member States .
204	3. Fiskalische Bereiche sollten größtenteils dezentralisiert bleiben, abgesehen von weinigen Ausnahmen;	3. Fiscal areas should remain largely decentralised, with the exception of weary exceptions;	3. tax areas should remain largely decentralised, with the exception of tiring exceptions;	3 . Fiscal areas should remain largely decentralised , with the exception of weary exceptions areas ;	areas should remain largely decentralised , with the exception of weary exceptions ;
205	Die Väter der amerikanischen Verfassung schrieben ein Dokument, dass in seiner grundlegenden Struktur seit über 200 Jahren Bestand hat.	The fathers of the American Constitution wrote a document that has been in existence in its basic structure for over 200 years.	The fathers of the American Constitution wrote a document that has existed in its basic structure for over 200 years.	The fathers of the American Constitution wrote a document that has been in existence in its basic structure for over 200 years fathers .	The fathers of document that has been in existence in its basic structure for over 200 years .
207	2007 lag das Verhältnis der Hypotheken- und Verbraucherschulden zum BIP bei über 90 %, gegenüber Netto-Auslandsschulden von 24 %.	In 2007, the ratio of mortgage and consumer debt to GDP was over 90%, compared with 24% of net foreign debt.	In 2007, the share of mortgage and consumer debt in GDP was over 90%, compared with 24% of net foreign debt.	In 2007 , the ratio of mortgage and consumer debt to GDP was over 90 % , compared with 24 % of net foreign debt ratio .	In 2007 and consumer debt to GDP was over 90 % , compared with 24 % of net foreign debt .
208	Aber alle Bestandteile der Gesamtschulden eines Landes und ihre Finanzierungsarten sind miteinander verbunden.	But all the components of a country's total debt and its forms of financing are interconnected.	But all the components of a country's overall debt and its forms of financing are linked.	But all the components of a country 's total debt and its forms of financing are interconnected components .	But a country 's total debt and its forms of financing are interconnected .
209	Zweitens, Schwierigkeiten in irgendeiner Komponente der Gesamtschulden haben Auswirkungen auf alle anderen Komponenten.	Secondly, difficulties in any component of total debt have implications for all other components.	Secondly, difficulties in each component of total debt have an impact on all other components.	Secondly , difficulties in any component of total debt have implications for all other components difficulties .	Secondly any component of total debt have implications for all other components .
210	Tatsächlich wurde Amerikas Leistungsbilanz stärker, obwohl der Dollar durch die Nachfrage nach einem „sicheren Hafen“ an Wert zulegte.	In fact, America's current account grew stronger, although the dollar increased in value due to the demand for a "safe haven".	Indeed, America's current account grew stronger, although the dollar rose in value due to the demand for a "safe haven".	In fact , America 's current account grew stronger , although the dollar increased in value due to the demand for a `` safe haven '' fact .	In account grew stronger , although the dollar increased in value due to the demand for a `` safe haven '' .
215	Ebenso wenig sehen sie eine Landreform, Arbeitsvermittlung oder Rentenansprüche für alle Asiaten als Priorität an.	Nor do they regard land reform, employment services or pension rights as a priority for all Asians.	They also do not regard land reforms, employment services or pension rights as a priority for all Asians.	Nor do they regard land reform , employment services or pension rights as a priority for all Asians land .	Nor do they employment services or pension rights as a priority for all Asians .
217	Zehn Jahre später bleibt nur ein hohles Unternehmensmotto, das von „einer asiatisch-pazifischen Region ohne Armut“ spricht.	Ten years later, only a hollow corporate motto remains, which speaks of "an Asia-Pacific region without poverty."	Ten years later, only a hollow corporate motto remains, which speaks of an "Asia-Pacific region without poverty".	Ten years later , only a hollow corporate motto remains , which speaks of `` an Asia-Pacific region without poverty . years ''	Ten a hollow corporate motto remains , which speaks of `` an Asia-Pacific region without poverty . ''
226	Aber jetzt ist das Gegenteil ein Problem in Europa: Banken sind „national im Leben, aber europäisch im Sterben“.	But now the opposite is a problem in Europe: banks are "national in life, but European in dying."	But now the opposite is a problem in Europe: banks are "national in life, but European in dying".	But now the opposite is a problem in Europe : banks are `` national in life , but European in dying . opposite ''	But now in Europe : banks are `` national in life , but European in dying . ''
230	Bis vor kurzem hielten die spanischen Behörden daran fest, dass die Probleme im Immobiliensektor ihres Landes nur vorübergehende seien.	Until recently, the Spanish authorities maintained that the problems in their country's real estate sector were temporary.	Until recently, the Spanish authorities claimed that the problems in the real estate sector of their country were temporary.	Until recently , the Spanish authorities maintained that the problems in their country 's real estate sector were temporary authorities .	Spanish authorities maintained that the problems in their country 's real estate sector were temporary .
231	In Irland war die Situation zunächst nicht viel anders.	In Ireland, the situation was not much different at first.	In Ireland, the situation was not quite different at first.	In Ireland , the situation was not much different at first Ireland .	In the situation was not much different at first .
232	Es schien sinnvoll zu sein, dass auch in der Eurozone die Bankenaufsicht überwiegend in nationaler Hand blieb.	It seemed useful that banking supervision remained largely in national hands in the eurozone as well.	It seemed useful that banking supervision also remained largely in national hands in the eurozone.	It seemed useful that banking supervision remained largely in national hands in the eurozone as well supervision .	It seemed supervision remained largely in national hands in the eurozone as well .
233	Zudem trägt die EZB de facto bereits Verantwortung für die Stabilität des Bankensystems innerhalb der Eurozone.	Moreover, the ECB is already de facto responsible for the stability of the banking system within the euro area.	In addition, the ECB is already de facto responsible for the stability of the banking system within the euro area.	Moreover , the ECB is already de facto responsible for the stability of the banking system within the euro area ECB .	is already de facto responsible for the stability of the banking system within the euro area .
235	Die Muttergesellschaft möchte diese Mittel nun verwenden, um die Liquidität des Konzerns zu stärken.	The parent company now wants to use these funds to strengthen the Group's liquidity.	The parent company now intends to use these funds to strengthen the Group's liquidity.	The parent company now wants to use these funds to strengthen the Group 's liquidity parent .	The wants to use these funds to strengthen the Group 's liquidity .
236	Aber die deutschen Aufsichtsbehörden sehen in Italien einen Risikokandidaten und verweigern die Genehmigung für einen Transfer.	But the German supervisory authorities see Italy as a candidate for risk and refuse to approve a transfer.	But the German supervisory authorities regard Italy as a risk candidate and refuse to authorise a transfer.	But the German supervisory authorities see Italy as a candidate for risk and refuse to approve a transfer authorities .	But the German as a candidate for risk and refuse to approve a transfer .
237	Sie möchte soviel Aktivität wie möglich auf dem „internen Kapitalmarkt“ sehen.	It wants to see as much activity as possible on the "internal capital market".	It wants to act as much as possible on the "capital internal market".	It wants to see as much activity as possible on the `` internal capital market '' activity .	see as much activity as possible on the `` internal capital market '' .
239	Wirtschaftliche (und politische) Logik verlangt nach einem gemeinsamen Bankenrettungsfonds für die Eurozone.	Economic (and political) logic demands a common bank bailout fund for the eurozone.	Economic (and political) logic calls for a common bank bailout fund for the eurozone.	Economic ( and political ) logic demands a common bank bailout fund for the eurozone Economic .	political ) logic demands a common bank bailout fund for the eurozone .
240	Seine Gelehrsamkeit und sein rhetorisches Geschick ergänzten einander auf seltsame Weise.	His learning and rhetorical skill complemented each other in a strange way.	His learning and his rhetorical skills complemented each other in a strange way.	His learning and rhetorical skill complemented each other in a strange way learning .	His skill complemented each other in a strange way .
241	Von Ministerpräsidenten Levi Eshkol sagte man, er würde sieben Sprachen sprechen, alle auf jiddisch.	Prime Minister Levi Eshkol was said to speak seven languages, all in Yiddish.	Prime Minister Levi Eshkol is supposed to speak seven languages, all in Yiddish.	Prime Minister Levi Eshkol was said to speak seven languages , all in Yiddish Prime .	Eshkol was said to speak seven languages , all in Yiddish .
242	Von Eban könnte man sagen, dass er zehn Sprachen sprach, und alle in einem reinen Oxford/Cambridge Akzent.	Of Eban one could say that he spoke ten languages, and all in a pure Oxford/Cambridge accent.	Eban could be said to have spoken ten languages, all in a pure Oxford/Cambridge accent.	Of Eban one could say that he spoke ten languages , and all in a pure Oxford/Cambridge accent Eban .	Of Eban he spoke ten languages , and all in a pure Oxford/Cambridge accent .
245	In der internationalen Arena führte Eban seinen Schreibstift als Schwert und das gesprochene Wort als Lanze.	In the international arena, Eban used his pen as a sword and the spoken word as a lance.	In the international arena, Eban used his feather as a sword and the spoken word as a lance.	In the international arena , Eban used his pen as a sword and the spoken word as a lance arena .	In the international his pen as a sword and the spoken word as a lance .
250	Die Arbeitsproduktivität im Bereich des Transportbedarfs ist beispielsweise nur halb so hoch wie in Deutschland.	Labour productivity in transport needs, for example, is only half as high as in Germany.	Labour productivity in transport, for example, is only half as high as in Germany.	Labour productivity in transport needs , for example , is only half as high as in Germany Labour .	needs , for example , is only half as high as in Germany .
251	Dieser Trend wird das jährliche BIP-Wachstum bis 2025 auf lediglich 1,3% begrenzen und damit zu einem dritten Stagnationsjahrzehnt führen.	This trend will limit annual GDP growth to just 1.3% by 2025, leading to a third stagnation decade.	This trend will limit annual GDP growth to only 1.3% by 2025 and will lead to a third stagnation decade.	This trend will limit annual GDP growth to just 1.3 % by 2025 , leading to a third stagnation decade trend .	This trend will to just 1.3 % by 2025 , leading to a third stagnation decade .
253	Ein offensichtliches Mittel gegen das stagnierende Nachfragewachstum im Inland sind Exporte in die am schnellsten wachsenden Überseemärkte.	An obvious remedy against stagnating domestic demand growth is exports to the fastest growing overseas markets.	Exports to the fastest growing foreign markets are an obvious means against stagnating growth in domestic demand.	An obvious remedy against stagnating domestic demand growth is exports to the fastest growing overseas markets remedy .	against stagnating domestic demand growth is exports to the fastest growing overseas markets .
254	Der Prozess muss mit einem Verständnis für die Wünsche der Kunden und der Bereitschaft zu entsprechenden Lösungen beginnen.	The process must begin with an understanding of the wishes of the customers and the willingness to find appropriate solutions.	The process must begin with an understanding of the wishes of the customers and the willingness to find suitable solutions.	The process must begin with an understanding of the wishes of the customers and the willingness to find appropriate solutions process .	The process understanding of the wishes of the customers and the willingness to find appropriate solutions .
257	Produzenten könnten ihre Fließbänder durch Technologien wie das Internet der Dinge oder 3D-Druck ersetzen oder ergänzen.	Producers could replace or supplement their assembly lines with technologies such as the Internet of Things or 3D printing.	Manufacturers could replace or supplement their assembly lines with technologies such as the Internet of Things or 3D printing.	Producers could replace or supplement their assembly lines with technologies such as the Internet of Things or 3D printing Producers .	Producers could assembly lines with technologies such as the Internet of Things or 3D printing .
258	Allgemeiner ausgedrückt müssen sich die japanischen Unternehmen auf Leistung und Disziplin ausrichten.	More generally, Japanese companies must focus on performance and discipline.	In general, Japanese companies need to focus on performance and discipline.	More generally , Japanese companies must focus on performance and discipline companies .	, Japanese companies must focus on performance and discipline .
259	Da durch politische Änderungen Marktkräfte freigesetzt werden, sind die Unternehmen größerem Wettbewerb ausgesetzt.	As market forces are released by policy changes, companies are exposed to greater competition.	As market forces are released by political changes, companies are exposed to greater competition.	As market forces are released by policy changes , companies are exposed to greater competition market .	As released by policy changes , companies are exposed to greater competition .
260	Und schließlich sollten Aktionäre und Führungskräfte Anreize für Leistungsziele setzen.	Finally, shareholders and executives should provide incentives for performance targets.	Finally, shareholders and managers should provide incentives for performance targets.	Finally , shareholders and executives should provide incentives for performance targets shareholders .	shareholders and executives should provide incentives for performance targets .
261	Durch die Förderung jüngerer und vielfältigerer Talente können agilere Organisationen mit frischen Ideen entstehen.	By promoting younger and more diverse talents, more agile organizations can emerge with fresh ideas.	By promoting younger and diverse talents, more agile organizations can emerge with fresh ideas.	By promoting younger and more diverse talents , more agile organizations can emerge with fresh ideas talents .	By promoting diverse talents , more agile organizations can emerge with fresh ideas .
262	Statt sich auf eine Zukunft mit nur 1,3% jährlichem BIP-Wachstum einzustellen, könnte Japan bis 2025 etwa 3% im Jahr wachsen.	Instead of adjusting to a future with only 1.3% annual GDP growth, Japan could grow about 3% a year by 2025.	Instead of adapting to a future with only 1.3% annual GDP growth, Japan could grow about 3% annually by 2025.	Instead of adjusting to a future with only 1.3 % annual GDP growth , Japan could grow about 3 % a year by 2025 future .	Instead of adjusting 1.3 % annual GDP growth , Japan could grow about 3 % a year by 2025 .
264	Die japanischen Unternehmensführer müssen große Ideen mit konzentrierter Detailarbeit verbinden.	Japanese business leaders must combine great ideas with concentrated detail work.	Japanese entrepreneurs need to combine great ideas with concentrated detail work.	Japanese business leaders must combine great ideas with concentrated detail work business .	Japanese must combine great ideas with concentrated detail work .
267	Besonders der Aufstieg der Schwellenländer stellt eine Herausforderung für die traditionelle deduktive und induktive Logik des Westens dar.	The rise of emerging economies in particular is a challenge for the traditional deductive and inductive logic of the West.	In particular, the rise of emerging economies is a challenge for the traditional deductive and inductive logic of the West.	The rise of emerging economies in particular is a challenge for the traditional deductive and inductive logic of the West rise .	The rise particular is a challenge for the traditional deductive and inductive logic of the West .
271	Abduktive Schlussfolgerungen sind pragmatisch und ergebnisorientiert, leiten die Regel her und identifizieren die Ursache.	Abductive conclusions are pragmatic and result-oriented, guide the rule and identify the cause.	Derivative conclusions are pragmatic and result-oriented, guide the rule and identify the cause.	Abductive conclusions are pragmatic and result-oriented , guide the rule and identify the cause conclusions .	Abductive and result-oriented , guide the rule and identify the cause .
272	Nicht nur der Westen muss umdenken, sondern auch der Osten.	Not only the West must rethink, but also the East.	Not only the West must reconsider, but also the East.	Not only the West must rethink , but also the East West .	Not West must rethink , but also the East .
273	Umfassende Zerstörung ist oft vonnöten, und es kann Jahrzehnte dauern, bis die Arbeit vollbracht ist.“	Comprehensive destruction is often needed, and it may take decades for the work to be done.	Often a comprehensive destruction is required, and it may take decades for the work to be done.	Comprehensive destruction is often needed , and it may take decades for the work to be done Comprehensive .	needed , and it may take decades for the work to be done .
275	Nachhaltigkeit kann nur erzielt werden, wenn die Wohlhabenden willens sind, für die Habenichtse Opfer einzugehen.	Sustainability can only be achieved if the wealthy are willing to make sacrifices for the victims.	Sustainability can only be achieved if the rich are willing to make sacrifices for the sacrifices.	Sustainability can only be achieved if the wealthy are willing to make sacrifices for the victims Sustainability .	Sustainability can if the wealthy are willing to make sacrifices for the victims .
277	Mit der NATO-Erweiterung wird nun klargestellt, dass im neuen Europa kein Land als Teil einer ,,Einflusszone" eines anderes Landes gilt.	NATO enlargement now clarifies that no country in the new Europe is considered to be part of another country's 'influential zone'.	NATO enlargement now shows that no country in the new Europe is considered as part of another country's "influential zone".	NATO enlargement now clarifies that no country in the new Europe is considered to be part of another country 's 'influential zone ' NATO .	NATO enlargement now the new Europe is considered to be part of another country 's 'influential zone ' .
283	Ich antwortete, dass Pakistan sich unweigerlich anschließen und die Welt zu einem unsichereren Ort würde.	I replied that Pakistan would inevitably join and the world would become a more insecure place.	I replied that Pakistan would inevitably join and the world would become a more uncertain place.	I replied that Pakistan would inevitably join and the world would become a more insecure place Pakistan .	I would inevitably join and the world would become a more insecure place .
290	Solche Länder sollten sich heute zusammentun, um Iran (und anderen) einen Handel vorzuschlagen.	Such countries should join forces today to propose trade to Iran (and others).	Such countries should join forces today to propose trade with Iran (and others).	Such countries should join forces today to propose trade to Iran ( and others ) countries .	Such forces today to propose trade to Iran ( and others ) .
291	Europäische Außenminister haben bereits ihre Bedenken über das Atomprogramm des Iran geäußert.	European Foreign Ministers have already expressed their concerns about Iran's nuclear programme.	The European Foreign Ministers have already expressed concern about the Iranian nuclear programme.	European Foreign Ministers have already expressed their concerns about Iran 's nuclear programme Foreign .	European Foreign expressed their concerns about Iran 's nuclear programme .
293	Bei einer seriösen Verwaltung der neuen Mittel wird die Nahrungsmittelproduktion in Afrika in die Höhe schnellen.	The serious management of the new funds will speed up food production in Africa.	The serious management of the new funds will accelerate food production in Africa.	The serious management of the new funds will speed up food production in Africa management .	of the new funds will speed up food production in Africa .
295	Infolgedessen ist ihre Ernte dürftig und unzureichend für ihren Lebensunterhalt.	As a result, their harvest is poor and inadequate for their livelihood.	As a result, their harvest is poor and insufficient for their livelihood.	As a result , their harvest is poor and inadequate for their livelihood result .	As their harvest is poor and inadequate for their livelihood .
296	Ihre Armut führt zu geringer landwirtschaftlicher Produktivität, und geringe landwirtschaftliche Produktivität vergrößert ihre Armut.	Their poverty leads to low agricultural productivity, and low agricultural productivity increases their poverty.	Their poverty leads to low agricultural productivity and low agricultural productivity increases their poverty.	Their poverty leads to low agricultural productivity , and low agricultural productivity increases their poverty poverty .	Their poverty agricultural productivity , and low agricultural productivity increases their poverty .
297	Diese Steigerung ihres Vermögens macht es wiederum möglich, dass lokale Kreditmärkte wie Mikrofinanzinstitute ihre Arbeit aufnehmen.	This increase in their assets in turn makes it possible for local credit markets such as microfinance institutions to start work.	This increase in their assets, in turn, enables local credit markets such as microfinance institutions to start their work.	This increase in their assets in turn makes it possible for local credit markets such as microfinance institutions to start work increase .	assets in turn makes it possible for local credit markets such as microfinance institutions to start work .
299	Nun wurde ein Konsens hinsichtlich der Notwendigkeit erreicht, den Kleinbauern zu helfen, doch gibt es weiterhin Hindernisse.	A consensus has now been reached on the need to help small farmers, but there are still obstacles.	A consensus has now been reached on the need to support small farmers, but there are still obstacles.	A consensus has now been reached on the need to help small farmers , but there are still obstacles consensus .	A reached on the need to help small farmers , but there are still obstacles .
301	Ein unabhängiges Expertengremium würde die nationalen Pläne prüfen, um ihre wissenschaftliche und betriebliche Korrektheit zu bestätigen.	An independent panel of experts would examine national plans to confirm their scientific and operational correctness.	An independent panel of experts would examine national plans to confirm their scientific and operational accuracy.	An independent panel of experts would examine national plans to confirm their scientific and operational correctness panel .	An independent would examine national plans to confirm their scientific and operational correctness .
302	Angenommen, ein Plan besteht die Prüfung, so würde das Geld für seine Unterstützung schnell ausgezahlt.	Assuming that a plan exists the examination, the money for its support would be quickly paid out.	Assuming that a plan exists the audit, the money for its support would be quickly paid out.	Assuming that a plan exists the examination , the money for its support would be quickly paid out plan .	Assuming that a , the money for its support would be quickly paid out .
304	Dieser Ansatz ist direkt, effizient, nachvollziehbar und wissenschaftlich solide.	This approach is direct, efficient, comprehensible and scientifically sound.	This approach is direct, efficient, understandable and scientifically sound.	This approach is direct , efficient , comprehensible and scientifically sound approach .	This direct , efficient , comprehensible and scientifically sound .
308	Der Polizist, mittlerweile von mehreren Kollegen unterstützt, nahm den Professor wegen ungebührlichen Benehmens fest.	The policeman, meanwhile supported by several colleagues, arrested the professor for improper behavior.	The policeman, who has been supported by several colleagues, arrested the professor for improper behavior.	The policeman , meanwhile supported by several colleagues , arrested the professor for improper behavior policeman .	The supported by several colleagues , arrested the professor for improper behavior .
309	Die meisten Menschen in den USA wissen, dass die Polizei rasch sehr ungemütlich werden kann, wenn man sich ihren Anordnungen widersetzt.	Most people in the US know that the police can quickly become very uncomfortable if they resist their orders.	Most people in the U.S. know that the police can quickly become very uncomfortable if they resist their orders.	Most people in the US know that the police can quickly become very uncomfortable if they resist their orders people .	Most people that the police can quickly become very uncomfortable if they resist their orders .
310	Eben weil es sich bei ihm um eine Kapazität handelt, ist er in der Lage das nationale Augenmerk auf dieses ernste Thema zu lenken.	It is precisely because it is a capacity that it is able to draw national attention to this serious issue.	It is precisely because it is able to draw national attention to this serious issue that it is able to do so.	It is precisely because it is a capacity that it is able to draw national attention to this serious issue capacity .	it is a capacity that it is able to draw national attention to this serious issue .
311	Die Tatsache, dass dies einem Professor in Cambridge widerfuhr, rüttelt die Allgemeinheit auf.	The fact that this happened to a professor at Cambridge stirs up the general public.	The fact that this is happening to a professor in Cambridge arouses the public.	The fact that this happened to a professor at Cambridge stirs up the general public fact .	The fact to a professor at Cambridge stirs up the general public .
313	Tatsächlich wissen wir nicht einmal mit Sicherheit, ob dies ein solcher Vorfall war.	In fact, we do not even know for sure whether this was such an incident.	In fact, we don't even know for sure whether it was such an incident.	In fact , we do not even know for sure whether this was such an incident fact .	In fact not even know for sure whether this was such an incident .
314	Ältere französische Bürger finden das öffentliche Spektakel, dass ihr verliebter Landesvater abgibt, nicht sonderlich amüsant.	Older French citizens don't find the public spectacle that their country father in love gives up particularly amusing.	Older French people do not find the public spectacle that their father gives up in love particularly amusing.	Older French citizens do n't find the public spectacle that their country father in love gives up particularly amusing citizens .	Older find the public spectacle that their country father in love gives up particularly amusing .
317	Stimmt dies, so hat Sarkozy eine einmalige romantische Chance vertan.	If this is true, Sarkozy has missed a unique romantic opportunity.	If that's true, Sarkozy has missed a unique romantic opportunity.	If this is true , Sarkozy has missed a unique romantic opportunity Sarkozy .	true , Sarkozy has missed a unique romantic opportunity .
319	In dieser Hinsicht ähnelt Indien eher jenem Frankreich, mit dem Sarkozy einen glatten Bruch anstrebt, als dem heutigen.	In this respect, India is more like France with which Sarkozy strives for a smooth break than today.	In this respect, India is more like France, with which Sarkozy strives for a smooth break than today.	In this respect , India is more like France with which Sarkozy strives for a smooth break than today respect .	In this more like France with which Sarkozy strives for a smooth break than today .
321	Man muss das atomare Risiko nicht eingehen, sondern dies ist offensichtlich politisch gewollt.	One does not have to take the nuclear risk, but this is obviously politically intentional.	You don't have to take the nuclear risk, but that's obviously politically intentional.	One does not have to take the nuclear risk , but this is obviously politically intentional risk .	have to take the nuclear risk , but this is obviously politically intentional .
322	Darin liegt eine gewaltige technische Herausforderung und auch Chance.	This is a huge technical challenge and also an opportunity.	This is a major technical challenge and also an opportunity.	This is a huge technical challenge and also an opportunity challenge .	This huge technical challenge and also an opportunity .
328	In der Regel beginnt der Weg in Richtung Atommacht immer mit so genannten „zivilen“ Atomprogrammen.	As a rule, the path towards nuclear power always begins with so-called "civil" atomic programs.	As a rule, the road to nuclear energy always starts with so-called "civil" nuclear programs.	As a rule , the path towards nuclear power always begins with so-called `` civil '' atomic programs rule .	the path towards nuclear power always begins with so-called `` civil '' atomic programs .
329	Wie wird die Welt, allen voran die wichtigsten Atomwaffenstaaten, auf die nukleare Katastrophe von Fukushima reagieren?	How will the world react to the Fukushima nuclear disaster, especially the most important nuclear weapons states?	How will the world react to the Fukushima nuclear disaster, especially to the most important nuclear weapons states?	How will the world react to the Fukushima nuclear disaster , especially the most important nuclear weapons states world ?	How will the Fukushima nuclear disaster , especially the most important nuclear weapons states ?
330	Oder wird man versuchen, die Gründe für diese Katastrophe wegzuerklären, um nach einiger Zeit zum business as usual zurückzukehren?	Or will one try to explain away the reasons for this catastrophe in order to return to business as usual after some time?	Or will one try to explain the reasons for this disaster in order to return to business as usual after some time?	Or will one try to explain away the reasons for this catastrophe in order to return to business as usual after some time try ?	Or will one try for this catastrophe in order to return to business as usual after some time ?
332	Allerdings wird man mit oberflächlicher Kosmetik den zukünftigen Erfordernissen in der Europäischen Union nicht genügen können.	However, superficial cosmetics will not be able to meet future requirements in the European Union.	However, surface cosmetics will not be able to meet future requirements in the European Union.	However , superficial cosmetics will not be able to meet future requirements in the European Union cosmetics .	cosmetics will not be able to meet future requirements in the European Union .
335	Die GAP wurde binnen kurzem als Edelstein in der Krone des europäischen Projekts betrachtet.	The CAP was recently regarded as a gemstone in the crown of the European project.	The CAP was recently seen as a gemstone in the crown of the European project.	The CAP was recently regarded as a gemstone in the crown of the European project CAP .	The regarded as a gemstone in the crown of the European project .
336	Diese Zahlen bezogen sich auf eine EU mit 15 Mitgliedern, daher sind die Möglichkeiten heute mit 27 Mitgliedern ungleich größer.	These figures relate to an EU of 15 members, which is why the opportunities with 27 members today are much greater.	These figures refer to an EU of 15 members, which is why the opportunities with 27 members are much greater today.	These figures relate to an EU of 15 members , which is why the opportunities with 27 members today are much greater figures .	These figures relate to , which is why the opportunities with 27 members today are much greater .
337	Es kommt daher nicht überraschend, dass die Anzahl der zur Nahrungsmittelproduktion benötigten Bauern, beträchtlich gesunken ist.	It is therefore not surprising that the number of farmers needed for food production has fallen considerably.	It is therefore not surprising that the number of farmers needed for food production has fallen significantly.	It is therefore not surprising that the number of farmers needed for food production has fallen considerably number .	surprising that the number of farmers needed for food production has fallen considerably .
338	Perverse Subventionen müssen abgeschafft und solche, die Produkte wie Bio-Kraftstoffe bevorzugen, überdacht werden.	Perverse subsidies must be abolished and those that prefer products such as biofuels must be reconsidered.	Perverse subsidies must be abolished and those who prefer products such as biofuels must be reconsidered.	Perverse subsidies must be abolished and those that prefer products such as biofuels must be reconsidered subsidies .	Perverse subsidies and those that prefer products such as biofuels must be reconsidered .
339	Eine vereinfachte GAP würde eine sauberere, produktivere und effizientere Landwirtschaft mit sich bringen.	A simplified CAP would result in cleaner, more productive and more efficient agriculture.	A simplified CAP would lead to a cleaner, more productive and more efficient agriculture.	A simplified CAP would result in cleaner , more productive and more efficient agriculture CAP .	A result in cleaner , more productive and more efficient agriculture .
340	1. Die EU braucht eine Politik des Wissens und der Innovation, die die Wettbewerbsfähigkeit der europäischen Landwirtschaft stärkt.	1. The EU needs a policy of knowledge and innovation that strengthens the competitiveness of European agriculture.	1. The EU needs a knowledge and innovation policy that strengthens the competitiveness of European agriculture.	1 . The EU needs a policy of knowledge and innovation that strengthens the competitiveness of European agriculture EU .	1 . policy of knowledge and innovation that strengthens the competitiveness of European agriculture .
341	Die Entwicklung einer landwirtschaftlichen Grundstruktur würde die europäische ökologische Grundstruktur ergänzen.	The development of a basic agricultural structure would complement the basic European ecological structure.	The development of a basic agricultural structure would complement Europe's basic ecological structure.	The development of a basic agricultural structure would complement the basic European ecological structure development .	The basic agricultural structure would complement the basic European ecological structure .
345	5. Eine neue GAP sollte auch eine Strategie zum Schutz der Landschaftspflege in Europa einschließen.	5. A new CAP should also include a strategy for protecting Europe's landscape.	5. A new CAP should also include a strategy to protect Europe's landscape.	5 . A new CAP should also include a strategy for protecting Europe 's landscape CAP .	new CAP should also include a strategy for protecting Europe 's landscape .
347	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world.	And this shift would take place in a time of growing challenges for US interests elsewhere in the world.	And that shift would occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world shift .	occur at a time of growing challenges to US interests elsewhere in the world .
350	Einige sterben dabei, andere verlieren ihren Uterus, und wieder andere müssen dann mit Komplikationen wie zervikovaginalen Fisteln leben.	Some die, others lose their uterus, and others have to live with complications such as cervicovaginal fistulas.	Some die, others lose their uterus and others have to live with complications such as cervicovaginal fistulas.	Some die , others lose their uterus , and others have to live with complications such as cervicovaginal fistulas die .	Some die uterus , and others have to live with complications such as cervicovaginal fistulas .
352	Dies schließt auch das Recht auf Gesundheitspflege im Reproduktivbereich ein, das in Artikel 43 behandelt wird.	This also includes the right to reproductive health care, which is dealt with in Article 43.	This includes the right to reproductive health care, which is dealt with in Article 43.	This also includes the right to reproductive health care , which is dealt with in Article 43 right .	This to reproductive health care , which is dealt with in Article 43 .
354	Nötig sind auch gesetzliche Vorgaben, um die Kriminalisierung von Abtreibungsärzten zu beenden.	Legal requirements are also needed to end the criminalisation of abortion doctors.	Legislation is also needed to end the criminalisation of abortion doctors.	Legal requirements are also needed to end the criminalisation of abortion doctors requirements .	Legal needed to end the criminalisation of abortion doctors .
356	Der Antrag wurde anschließend zurückgezogen, doch ist die Tatsache, dass er überhaupt gestellt wurde, schon erstaunlich genug.	The request was subsequently withdrawn, but the fact that it was even made is astonishing enough.	The motion was subsequently withdrawn, but the fact that it was even made is amazing enough.	The request was subsequently withdrawn , but the fact that it was even made is astonishing enough request .	The request but the fact that it was even made is astonishing enough .
357	Selbstverständlich trägt Israel die Verantwortung dafür, sowohl schlechte Politik gemacht als auch politische Sünden begangen zu haben.	Of course, Israel bears the responsibility of having done both bad politics and political sins.	Of course, Israel bears the responsibility of having committed both bad politics and political sins.	Of course , Israel bears the responsibility of having done both bad politics and political sins course .	Israel bears the responsibility of having done both bad politics and political sins .
359	Die auf Israel bezogene Rhetorik wird immer extremer und mündet in Hass.	The rhetoric related to Israel is becoming more and more extreme and leads to hatred.	The rhetoric associated with Israel is becoming more and more extreme and leads to hatred.	The rhetoric related to Israel is becoming more and more extreme and leads to hatred rhetoric .	to Israel is becoming more and more extreme and leads to hatred .
360	Die Hamas wurde in keinem der Anträge der Universitätsgewerkschaften erwähnt.	Hamas was not mentioned in any of the university union applications.	Hamas was not mentioned in any of the university union's proposals.	Hamas was not mentioned in any of the university union applications Hamas .	not mentioned in any of the university union applications .
361	Die Befürworter diskriminierender Maßnahmen führen gegen ihre Gegner häufig die erstickende und legitime Kritik an Israel ins Feld.	Proponents of discriminatory measures often lead to suffocating and legitimate criticism of Israel against their opponents.	Proponents of discriminatory measures often lead to suffocating and legitimate criticism of Israel against its opponents.	Proponents of discriminatory measures often lead to suffocating and legitimate criticism of Israel against their opponents Proponents .	Proponents of lead to suffocating and legitimate criticism of Israel against their opponents .
362	Doch muss glaubwürdige Kritik auf Beweisen beruhen – und auf allgemein anwendbaren Beurteilungskriterien.	But credible criticism must be based on evidence – and on generally applicable assessment criteria.	But credible criticism must be based on evidence – and on generally applicable evaluation criteria.	But credible criticism must be based on evidence – and on generally applicable assessment criteria criticism .	But credible based on evidence – and on generally applicable assessment criteria .
366	Beinahe eine Milliarde Menschen sind in der Hungerfalle gefangen – das sind etwa 100 Millionen mehr als vor zwei Jahren.	Almost a billion people are trapped in the famine – about 100 million more than two years ago.	Almost a billion people are trapped in famine – about 100 million more than two years ago.	Almost a billion people are trapped in the famine – about 100 million more than two years ago people .	Almost a billion the famine – about 100 million more than two years ago .
368	Die afrikanischen Bauern wissen, dass sie Dünger brauchen, können sich ihn aber nicht leisten.	African farmers know that they need fertilizer but cannot afford it.	African farmers know they need fertilizer, but they cannot afford it.	African farmers know that they need fertilizer but can not afford it farmers .	African farmers need fertilizer but can not afford it .
370	Die dort vollbrachten wissenschaftlichen Durchbrüche haben dazu beigetragen, die Welt zu ernähren und wir brauchen mehrere dieser Zentren.	The scientific breakthroughs made there have helped to feed the world, and we need several of these centers.	The scientific breakthroughs made there have helped to feed the world, and we need several of these centres.	The scientific breakthroughs made there have helped to feed the world , and we need several of these centers breakthroughs .	The scientific helped to feed the world , and we need several of these centers .
372	Trotz aller engagierten Bemühungen zahlreicher Fachleute bleiben die Maßnahmen gegen die Hungerkrise zutiefst unzureichend.	Despite the dedicated efforts of many experts, action against the hunger crisis remains deeply inadequate.	Despite the committed efforts of many experts, the fight against the hunger crisis is still deeply inadequate.	Despite the dedicated efforts of many experts , action against the hunger crisis remains deeply inadequate efforts .	Despite of many experts , action against the hunger crisis remains deeply inadequate .
375	Die Geberländer versprachen zwar, die Hilfe für Afrika bis 2010 zu verdoppeln, liegen aber immer noch weit hinter ihren Zusagen.	While donor countries promised to double aid for Africa by 2010, they are still well behind their commitments.	While donor countries have promised to double aid to Africa by 2010, they are still well behind their commitments.	While donor countries promised to double aid for Africa by 2010 , they are still well behind their commitments countries .	While donor countries for Africa by 2010 , they are still well behind their commitments .
376	In Wirklichkeit wurde die Hilfe für landwirtschaftliche Programme in den letzten 20 Jahren gekürzt und erst jetzt erfolgt ein Kurswechsel.	In reality, aid for agricultural programmes has been cut in the last 20 years and it is only now that there is a change of direction.	In reality, aid for agricultural programmes has been cut over the last 20 years and there is only now a change in direction.	In reality , aid for agricultural programmes has been cut in the last 20 years and it is only now that there is a change of direction reality .	In reality , aid in the last 20 years and it is only now that there is a change of direction .
377	NEW YORK – Jedes Jahr sterben vor allem in armen Ländern Millionen Menschen an vermeidbaren und behandelbaren Krankheiten.	NEW YORK – Every year millions of people die of preventable and treatable diseases, especially in poor countries.	NEW YORK – Every year millions of people die from preventable and treatable diseases, especially in poor countries.	NEW YORK – Every year millions of people die of preventable and treatable diseases , especially in poor countries NEW .	NEW millions of people die of preventable and treatable diseases , especially in poor countries .
378	Diese Sachlage stellt ein Versagen von Wirtschaft und Recht dar, das dringend korrigiert werden muss.	This situation is a failure of the economy and law, which urgently needs to be corrected.	This situation is a failure of the economy and justice, which urgently needs to be corrected.	This situation is a failure of the economy and law , which urgently needs to be corrected situation .	This situation is economy and law , which urgently needs to be corrected .
380	Der Staat finanziert die Forschung im Gesundheitsbereich, weil es sich bei verbesserten Medikamenten um ein öffentliches Gut handelt.	The state finances health research because improved medicines are a public good.	The state finances health research because improved drugs are a public good.	The state finances health research because improved medicines are a public good state .	health research because improved medicines are a public good .
383	Der von Senator Bernie Sanders eingebrachte Gesetzesentwurf Prize Fund for HIV/AIDS Act ist nicht einfach nur eine Initiative.	Senator Bernie Sanders' draft bill Prize Fund for HIV/AIDS Act is not just an initiative.	Senator Bernie Sander's draft bill Price fund for HIV/AIDS law is not just an initiative.	Senator Bernie Sanders ' draft bill Prize Fund for HIV/AIDS Act is not just an initiative Senator .	' draft bill Prize Fund for HIV/AIDS Act is not just an initiative .
385	Die Reform unseres Innovationssystems ist nicht nur eine Frage der Ökonomie, sondern in vielen Fällen von Leben und Tod.	The reform of our innovation system is not only a matter of economics, but in many cases of life and death.	Reforming our innovation system is not just a matter of the economy, but of life and death in many cases.	The reform of our innovation system is not only a matter of economics , but in many cases of life and death reform .	system is not only a matter of economics , but in many cases of life and death .
386	STANFORD – Die Angst vor einer Rezession hat Europa erfasst und greift weltweit um sich.	STANFORD – The fear of a recession has seized Europe and spreads around the world.	STANFORD – The fear of recession has seized Europe and spreads around the world.	STANFORD – The fear of a recession has seized Europe and spreads around the world STANFORD .	STANFORD – a recession has seized Europe and spreads around the world .
