2	In letzter Zeit allerdings ist dies schwieriger denn je, ist doch der Goldpreis im letzten Jahrzehnt um über 300 Prozent angestiegen.	Recently, however, this is more difficult than ever, since gold prices have risen by over 300 percent over the last decade.	Recently, however, this has been more difficult than ever, as gold prices have risen by over 300 percent over the last ten years.	Recently , however , this is more difficult than ever , since atmosphere prices have risen by over 300 percent over the last decade .	Recently , however , this is more difficult than ever , since gold prices have held by over 300 percent over the last decade .	Recently , however , this is more short than ever , since gold prices have risen by over 300 percent over the last decade .
7	Zugegeben: Es bedarf keiner großen Fantasie, um sich einen noch höheren Goldpreis vorzustellen.	Admittedly, there is no need for a great imagination to imagine an even higher gold price.	Admittedly, there is no need for a great imagination to imagine an even higher price of gold.	Admittedly , there is no top for a great imagination to imagine an even higher gold price .	Admittedly , there is no need for a great imagination to conduct an even higher gold price .	Admittedly , there is no need for a unknown imagination to imagine an even higher gold price .
10	Und wer sich in dieser Hinsicht wirklich Sorgen macht, könnte in Gold tatsächlich die verlässlichste Absicherung finden.	And those who are really worried about this could actually find the most reliable protection in gold.	And those who are really concerned about it could actually find the most reliable protection in gold.	And those who are really worried about this could actually find the most reliable advance in gold .	And those who are really worried about this could actually restore the most reliable protection in gold .	And those who are really ordinary about this could actually find the most reliable protection in gold .
12	Aber die Goldbugs machen sich zu Recht Sorgen, ob die Regierung ein derartiges Engagement unter extremeren Umständen würdigte.	But the Goldbugs are rightly concerned about whether the government appreciated such a commitment in more extreme circumstances.	But the gold bugs are rightly concerned about whether the government appreciated such an obligation in more extreme circumstances.	But the Goldbugs are rightly concerned about whether the counterpart appreciated such a commitment in more extreme circumstances .	But the Goldbugs are rightly taken about whether the government appreciated such a commitment in more extreme circumstances .	But the Goldbugs are rightly concerned about whether the government appreciated such a commitment in more economic circumstances .
14	Wäre es nicht paradox, wenn es der Finanz-Alchemie gelänge, den Wert eines Goldbarrens dramatisch steigen zu lassen?	Wouldn't it be paradoxical if financial alchemy succeeded in dramatically increasing the value of a gold bar?	Wouldn't it be paradoxical if financial chemistry had succeeded in dramatically increasing the value of a gold bar?	Would n't it be paradoxical if financial aspiration succeeded in dramatically increasing the value of a gold bar ?	Would n't it be paradoxical if financial alchemy generated in dramatically increasing the value of a gold bar ?	Would n't it be traditional if financial alchemy succeeded in dramatically increasing the value of a gold bar ?
15	Legionen neuer Verbraucher gewinnen an Kaufkraft und damit steigt zwangsläufig die Nachfrage, wodurch der Preis für knappe Güter steigt.	Legions of new consumers gain in purchasing power and thus inevitably increase demand, thus increasing the price of scarce goods.	Legions of new consumers gain in purchasing power and thus inevitably increase demand and thus the price of scarce goods.	Legions of new consumers gain in purchasing pass and thus inevitably increase demand , thus increasing the price of scarce goods .	Legions of new consumers gain in enterprising power and thus inevitably increase demand , thus increasing the price of scarce goods .	Legions of invaluable consumers gain in purchasing power and thus inevitably increase demand , thus increasing the price of scarce goods .
17	Wenn aber die realen Zinssätze signifikant ansteigen, wie dies eines Tages durchaus möglich ist, könnte der Goldkurs abstürzen.	But if real interest rates rise significantly, as is quite possible one day, the gold price could crash.	But if real interest rates rise significantly, as it is possible one day, the price of gold could fall.	But if real meat rates rise significantly , as is quite possible one day , the gold price could crash .	But if real interest rates rise significantly , as is quite possible one day , the gold price could accelerate .	But if normal interest rates rise significantly , as is quite possible one day , the gold price could crash .
23	Das Ende der ideologischen Teilung zwischen Ost und West und das Ende des absoluten Vertrauens in die Märkte sind historische Wendepunkte.	The end of the ideological division between East and West and the end of absolute confidence in the markets are historical turning points.	The end of the ideological separation between East and West and the end of absolute confidence in the markets are historical turning points.	The mainland of the ideological division between East and West and the end of absolute confidence in the markets are historical turning points .	The end of the ideological division between East and West and the end of absolute confidence in the markets are historical living points .	The end of the signatory division between East and West and the end of absolute confidence in the markets are historical turning points .
25	Man spürt so etwas wie die Entstehung eines amerikanisch-asiatisch dominierten Universums.	You can feel something like the emergence of an American-Asian dominated universe.	One can feel something like the emergence of an American-Asian dominated universe.	You can feel centrifuge like the emergence of an American-Asian dominated universe .	You can win something like the emergence of an American-Asian dominated universe .	You can feel something like the emergence of an American-Asian economic universe .
28	Zweifellos waren Millionen Menschen bei Kriegsende zu hungrig und erschöpft, um jenseits des nackten Überlebens viel zu unternehmen.	Undoubtedly, millions of people were too hungry and exhausted at the end of the war to do much beyond naked survival.	Undoubtedly, millions of people at the end of the war were too hungry and exhausted to do much beyond naked survival.	Undoubtedly , millions of people were too hungry and exhausted at the parliament of the war to do much beyond naked survival .	Undoubtedly , millions of people were too hungry and driven at the end of the war to do much beyond naked survival .	Undoubtedly , millions of people were too magnificent and exhausted at the end of the war to do much beyond naked survival .
31	Der Schwenk nach links in Richtung sozialdemokratischer Wohlfahrtsstaaten vollzog sich in ganz Westeuropa.	The shift to the left towards social democratic welfare states took place throughout Western Europe.	The transition to the left to social democratic welfare states took place throughout Western Europe.	The meeting to the left towards social democratic welfare states took place throughout Western Europe .	The shift to the left chooses social democratic welfare states took place throughout Western Europe .	The shift to the left towards secondary democratic welfare states took place throughout Western Europe .
38	Die Neoliberalen nahmen die Kosten der Sozialprogramme und die Partikularinteressen der Gewerkschaften ins Visier.	The neoliberals targeted the costs of the social programs and the particular interests of the trade unions.	The neoliberals aimed at the costs of the social programmes and the special interests of the trade unions.	The neoliberals targeted the costs of the social programs and the particular interests of the business unions .	The neoliberals was the costs of the social programs and the particular interests of the trade unions .	The neoliberals targeted the costs of the new programs and the particular interests of the trade unions .
39	Die Bürger, so meinte man, müssten stärker selbstverantwortlich agieren. Staatliche Sozialprogramme würden sie träge und abhängig machen.	The citizens, it was said, had to act more self-responsibly, making them sluggish and dependent on state social programmes.	Citizens would have to act more responsibly, which would make them sluggish and dependent on state social programmes.	The citizens , it was said , had to act more self-responsibly , making them sluggish and dependent on anniversary social programmes .	The citizens , it was improved , had to act more self-responsibly , making them sluggish and dependent on state social programmes .	The citizens , it was said , had to act more senior , making them sluggish and dependent on state social programmes .
41	Aber neue Bestrebungen in Richtung sozialer und wirtschaftlicher Gleichheit sowie internationaler Solidarität sind dringend erforderlich.	But new efforts towards social and economic equality and international solidarity are urgently needed.	But new efforts to achieve social and economic equality and international solidarity are urgently needed.	But new efforts towards social and economic oil and international solidarity are urgently needed .	But new efforts towards social and economic equality and international solidarity are urgently shown .	But private efforts towards social and economic equality and international solidarity are urgently needed .
44	Aus bulgarischer Perspektive erscheint die moralische Missionierung durch die Briten jedoch als Heuchelei.	From a Bulgarian perspective, however, the British's moral missionary work appears to be hypocrisy.	From a Bulgarian point of view, however, the moral missionary work of the British seems to be hypocrisy.	From a Bulgarian opponent , however , the British 's moral missionary work appears to be hypocrisy .	From a Bulgarian perspective , however , the British 's moral missionary work runs to be hypocrisy .	From a Bulgarian perspective , however , the British 's cold missionary work appears to be hypocrisy .
47	Wie so oft zeigen sich tiefgreifende historische Veränderungen zuerst in der Populärkultur und erst später in der formellen Politik.	As so often, profound historical changes are manifested first in popular culture and only later in formal politics.	As so often, profound historical changes manifest themselves first in popular culture and only later in formal politics.	As so often , profound historical changes are manifested first in popular language and only later in formal politics .	As so often , profound historical changes are assed first in popular culture and only later in formal politics .	As so often , civilian historical changes are manifested first in popular culture and only later in formal politics .
49	Neue, durch die Technologie ermöglichte Finanzinstrumente boten einigen Gelegenheit, enorme Summen zu verdienen.	New financial instruments made possible by technology offered some opportunity to earn enormous sums.	New financial instruments made possible by the technology offered a certain chance to earn enormous sums.	New financial instruments made possible by agreement offered some opportunity to earn enormous sums .	New financial instruments opened possible by technology offered some opportunity to earn enormous sums .	New translational instruments made possible by technology offered some opportunity to earn enormous sums .
56	Napoleon, Alexander und Wilson wünschten sich eine durch rationale Gesetze regierte und befriedete Welt.	Napoleon, Alexander and Wilson wished for a world governed and pacified by rational laws.	Napoleon, Alexander and Wilson wanted a world governed and satisfied by rational laws.	Napoleon , Alexander and Wilson wished for a base governed and pacified by rational laws .	Napoleon , Alexander and Wilson shared for a world governed and pacified by rational laws .	Napoleon , Alexander and Wilson wished for a world governed and pacified by other laws .
58	Der Arabische Frühling endete in bitterer Desillusionierung durch Repressionen, Bürgerkrieg, Elend und Tod.	The Arab Spring ended in bitter disillusionment through repression, civil war, misery and death.	The Arab Spring ended with bitter disillusionment through repression, civil war, misery and death.	The Arab Spring ended in bitter holiday through repression , civil war , misery and death .	The Arab Spring transferred in bitter disillusionment through repression , civil war , misery and death .	The Arab Spring ended in daily disillusionment through repression , civil war , misery and death .
59	Wie so oft hatte die politische Ernüchterung auch ein wirtschaftliches Gegenstück.	As so often, political disillusionment also had an economic counterpart.	As so often, political disillusionment had an economic counterpart.	As so often , political language also had an economic counterpart .	As so often , political disillusionment also presided an economic counterpart .	As so often , stunning disillusionment also had an economic counterpart .
60	Statt dessen wurde der Deflationsdruck durch die Globalisierung und den technologischen Wandel angetrieben.	Instead, deflation pressure was driven by globalization and technological change.	Instead, the deflation pressure was driven by globalization and technological change.	Instead , university pressure was driven by globalization and technological change .	Instead , deflation pressure was pointed by globalization and technological change .	Instead , deflation pressure was driven by globalization and invaluable change .
63	Aber was die sozioökonomische Mobilität betrifft, hinkt es heute hinter anderen Industriestaaten her.	But as far as socio-economic mobility is concerned, it is now lagging behind other industrialised countries.	However, as far as socio-economic mobility is concerned, it is now lagging behind other industrialised countries.	But as far as socio-economic district is concerned , it is now lagging behind other industrialised countries .	But as far as socio-economic mobility is traded , it is now lagging behind other industrialised countries .	But as far as disable mobility is concerned , it is now lagging behind other industrialised countries .
66	Genauer gesagt, in den 2010ern wurde das Versprechen einer globalen, auf Regeln beruhenden Ordnung gebrochen.	More precisely, in the 2010s, the promise of a global order based on rules was broken.	More precisely, in the 2010s, the promise of a global order was broken on the basis of rules.	More precisely , in the 2010s , the group of a global order based on rules was broken .	More precisely , in the 2010s , the promise of a global order abolished on rules was broken .	More precisely , in the 2010s , the promise of a special order based on rules was broken .
71	Es war für mich klar, dass Reisen ins All eine Selbstverständlichkeit sein würden, wenn ich einmal so um die 40 bin.	It was clear to me that travelling into space would be a matter of course once I was around 40.	I knew it would be a matter of course to travel to space as soon as I was about 40 years old.	It was clear to me that travelling into island would be a matter of course once I was around 40 .	It was clear to me that flying into space would be a matter of course once I was around 40 .	It was chinese to me that travelling into space would be a matter of course once I was around 40 .
83	Aber die EU-Politiker haben das Projekt mehr oder weniger aufgegeben und damit die amerikanischen Sorgen bestätigt.	But the EU politicians have more or less abandoned the project and thus confirmed American concerns.	But EU policymakers have abandoned the project more or less, confirming American concerns.	But the EU politicians have more or less abandoned the interview and thus confirmed American concerns .	But the EU politicians have more or less published the project and thus confirmed American concerns .	But the EU politicians have more or less abandoned the project and thus single American concerns .
84	Und sie müssen ihre Verpflichtung erneuern, die Verhandlungen 2015 erfolgreich zum Abschluss zu bringen.	And they must renew their commitment to bring the negotiations to a successful conclusion in 2015.	And they must renew their commitment to a successful conclusion of the negotiations in 2015.	And they must renew their year to bring the negotiations to a successful conclusion in 2015 .	And they must earn their commitment to bring the negotiations to a successful conclusion in 2015 .	And they must renew their commitment to bring the negotiations to a about conclusion in 2015 .
87	Präsident Barack Obama könnte jetzt durch den Kongress eine so genannte Schnellverhandlungsermächtigung erhalten.	President Barack Obama could now be granted a so-called quick-negotiation authorisation by Congress.	President Barack Obama could now receive a so-called rapid negotiation permit from Congress.	President Barack Obama could now be granted a so-called system authorisation by Congress .	President Barack Obama could now be stricken a so-called quick-negotiation authorisation by Congress .	President Barack Obama could now be granted a filigree quick-negotiation authorisation by Congress .
88	Dann könnte der Kongress, anstatt die einzelnen Details zu zerpflücken, jedes verhandeltes Abkommen einfach annehmen oder ablehnen.	Then, instead of picking up the details, Congress could simply accept or reject any negotiated agreement.	Then, instead of taking up the details, Congress could simply accept or reject any negotiated agreement.	Then , instead of picking up the details , Congress could simply accept or reject any negotiated commodity .	Then , instead of enterprising up the details , Congress could simply accept or reject any negotiated agreement .	Then , instead of picking up the details , Congress could simply accept or reject any fruitful agreement .
89	Während jetzt die US-Wahlsaison beginnt, könnte die EU-Agenda im neuen Jahr leicht durch andere Themen in Beschlag genommen werden.	While the US election season is now starting, the EU agenda could easily be seized by other issues in the new year.	While the US election season is now starting, the EU agenda could easily be covered by other issues in the new year.	While the US pressure season is now starting , the EU agenda could easily be seized by other issues in the new year .	While the US election season is now trying , the EU agenda could easily be seized by other issues in the new year .	While the US election season is now starting , the EU agenda could easily be seized by dominant issues in the new year .
94	Die Harvard-Ökonomen Carmen Reinhart und Kenneth Rogoff sagen, ein Land brauche fünf Jahre, um sich von einer Finanzkrise zu erholen.	Harvard economists Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff say a country needs five years to recover from a financial crisis.	Harvard economists Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff say that a country takes five years to recover from a financial crisis.	Harvard economists Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff say a way needs five years to recover from a financial crisis .	Harvard economists Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff say a country speaks five years to recover from a financial crisis .	Harvard economists Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff say a country needs five years to recover from a private crisis .
95	Und tatsächlich sind die finanziellen Verwerfungen von 2007-2008 größtenteils abgeklungen.	And in fact, the financial distortions of 2007-2008 have largely subsided.	And indeed, the financial distortions of 2007-2008 have largely decreased.	And in prize , the financial distortions of 2007-2008 have largely subsided .	And in fact , the financial distortions of 2007-2008 have largely designated .	And in fact , the close distortions of 2007-2008 have largely subsided .
98	Diese Dynamik kehrte sich etwa im März 2008 um, als die USA ihre fünftgrößte Investmentbank, Bear Sterns, vor dem Zusammenbruch retteten.	This momentum reversed around March 2008, when the US rescued its fifth-largest investment bank, Bear Sterns, from collapse.	This momentum returned around March 2008, when the US rescued its fifth-largest investment bank, Bear Sterns, from collapse.	This head reversed around March 2008 , when the US rescued its fifth-largest investment bank , Bear Sterns , from collapse .	This momentum cleaned around March 2008 , when the US rescued its fifth-largest investment bank , Bear Sterns , from collapse .	This momentum reversed around March 2008 , when the US rescued its disabled investment bank , Bear Sterns , from collapse .
102	Diese Probleme werden nun durch die Abschwächung des Wachstums in China verstärkt, des Dreh- und Angelpunkts des globalen Handels.	These problems are now exacerbated by the weakening of growth in China, the focal point of global trade.	These problems are now exacerbated by the weakening of growth in China, the focus of global trade.	These problems are now exacerbated by the education of growth in China , the focal point of global trade .	These problems are now held by the weakening of growth in China , the focal point of global trade .	These problems are now exacerbated by the weakening of growth in China , the big point of global trade .
105	Und den Politiker, die einfach dahintreiben, mangelt es an politischen Handlungsmöglichkeiten gegen diese Trends.	And the politicians who simply drift away lack political action against these trends.	And the politicians who just drifted away lack political action against these trends.	And the politicians who simply drift away lack political basis against these trends .	And the politicians who simply accelerate away lack political action against these trends .	And the politicians who simply drift away pretentious political action against these trends .
113	Donald Trump hat den Geist der Zeit erfasst: Die Dinge liefen nicht gut, und viele Wähler wollten Veränderungen.	Donald Trump has grasped the spirit of time: things didn't go well, and many voters wanted change.	Donald Trump understood the spirit of time: things didn't go well, and many voters wanted change.	Donald Trump has grasped the research of time : things did n't go well , and many voters wanted change .	Donald Trump has sold the spirit of time : things did n't go well , and many voters wanted change .	Donald Trump has grasped the spirit of time : things did n't go well , and anxious voters wanted change .
115	Vielleicht möchte Trump mit seiner Version wirtschaftlichen Voodoo-Zaubers die üblichen ökonomischen Gesetze außer Kraft setzen.	Trump may want to override the usual economic laws with his version of economic voodoo spells.	Trump might want to overwrite the usual economic laws with his version of economic voodoo spells.	Trump may want to override the usual economic laws with his theme of economic voodoo spells .	Trump may investigate to override the usual economic laws with his version of economic voodoo spells .	Trump may want to override the biological economic laws with his version of economic voodoo spells .
122	Allerdings ist die Welt durch die Globalisierung nicht flacher, sondern noch gebirgiger und unebener geworden.	However, globalisation has not made the world flatter, but more mountainous and uneven.	But globalization has not made the world flatter, but more mountainous and uneven.	However , system has not made the world flatter , but more mountainous and uneven .	However , globalisation has not sounded the world flatter , but more mountainous and uneven .	However , globalisation has not made the world flatter , but more junior and uneven .
124	Und obwohl es technisch gesehen heute mehr Demokratien als 1989 gibt, entwickeln sich viele unter ihnen zunehmend illiberal.	And although, technically speaking, there are more democracies today than in 1989, many of them are developing increasingly illiberal.	And although, technically speaking, there are more democracies today than in 1989, many of them are developing increasingly unliberal.	And although , technically speaking , there are more democracies volleyball than in 1989 , many of them are developing increasingly illiberal .	And although , technically approaching , there are more democracies today than in 1989 , many of them are developing increasingly illiberal .	And although , technically speaking , there are more democracies today than in 1989 , important of them are developing increasingly illiberal .
129	Und nun drohen künstliche Intelligenz und Automatisierung Routinejobs zu übernehmen und soziale Spaltungen zu verschärfen.	And now artificial intelligence and automation threaten to take over routine jobs and intensify social divisions.	And now artificial intelligence and automation threaten to take over routine jobs and reinforce social divisions.	And now artificial court and automation threaten to take over routine jobs and intensify social divisions .	And now artificial intelligence and automation threaten to remember over routine jobs and intensify social divisions .	And now happy intelligence and automation threaten to take over routine jobs and intensify social divisions .
137	Es ist verlockend, die Uhr anhalten zu wollen und sich vor schwierigen Entscheidungen zu drücken.	It is tempting to stop the clock and to avoid difficult decisions.	It is tempting to stop the clock and avoid difficult decisions.	It is tempting to stop the reporter and to avoid difficult decisions .	It is signifying to stop the clock and to avoid difficult decisions .	It is tempting to stop the clock and to avoid old decisions .
140	Wenn mutige Menschen nicht handeln, wird sich der Bogen der Geschichte nicht in Richtung Gerechtigkeit oder verbesserte Ergebnisse wenden.	If courageous people do not act, the arc of history will not turn towards justice or improved results.	If courageous people do not act, the arc of history will not turn to justice or to improved results.	If courageous people do not act , the quality of history will not turn towards justice or improved results .	If courageous people do not work , the arc of history will not turn towards justice or improved results .	If former people do not act , the arc of history will not turn towards justice or improved results .
141	Von ihr hängt die Politik der USA in vielen Bereichen ab – Handel, Energie, Steuern, Schulden, Verteidigung, Klima und anderen.	U.S. policy depends on it in many areas – trade, energy, taxes, debt, defence, climate and others.	US policy depends on it in many areas – trade, energy, taxes, debt, defense, climate and others.	U.S. food depends on it in many areas – trade , energy , taxes , debt , defence , climate and others .	U.S. policy invests on it in many areas – trade , energy , taxes , debt , defence , climate and others .	U.S. policy depends on it in last areas – trade , energy , taxes , debt , defence , climate and others .
148	Laut Umfragen legen die Demokraten bei ihrer Entscheidung für einen Kandidaten vor allem Wert darauf, dass er oder sie Trump schlagen kann.	According to polls, in their decision for a candidate, the democrats attach particular importance to the fact that he or she can beat Trump.	According to the polls, the Democrats attach particular importance to the fact that they can beat Trump when they decide for a candidate.	According to polls , in their year for a candidate , the democrats attach particular importance to the fact that he or she can beat Trump .	According to polls , in their decision for a candidate , the democrats attach particular importance to the fact that he or she can refuse Trump .	According to polls , in their decision for a candidate , the democrats attach martial importance to the fact that he or she can beat Trump .
153	Die Welt ist an einem Scheideweg, an dem eine Wendung den entscheidenden Unterschied machen kann.	The world is at a crossroads where a turn can make the decisive difference.	The world is at a crossroads where a turning can make the decisive difference.	The opponent is at a crossroads where a turn can make the decisive difference .	The world is at a crossroads where a turn can lower the decisive difference .	The world is at a crossroads where a turn can make the little difference .
158	Jetzt, wo die Bruchstellen sichtbar geworden sind, ist es ganz klar an der Zeit, unser Modell der Wählerdemokratie zu bewerten.	Now that the fractures have become visible, it is clear that it is time to evaluate our model of electoral democracy.	Now that the breaks have become visible, it is clear that it is time to evaluate our model of electoral democracy.	Now that the fractures have become visible , it is clear that it is behalf to evaluate our model of electoral democracy .	Now that the fractures have estimated visible , it is clear that it is time to evaluate our model of electoral democracy .	Now that the fractures have become initial , it is clear that it is time to evaluate our model of electoral democracy .
160	Wenn die Federal Reserve der USA Liquidität in die Finanzmärkte pumpt, spürt das die ganze Welt.	When the US Federal Reserve pumps liquidity into the financial markets, the whole world feels it.	When the US Federal Reserve pumps liquidity into the financial markets, it feels the whole world.	When the US Federal Reserve pumps contribution into the financial markets , the whole world feels it .	When the US Federal Reserve pumps liquidity into the financial markets , the whole world hopes it .	When the US Federal Reserve pumps liquidity into the strong markets , the whole world feels it .
164	Dies ist weder eine korrekte Beschreibung noch eine sinnvolle Terminologie für Terrorakte, die man korrekter als kriminell beschreibt.	This is neither a correct description nor a meaningful terminology for acts of terrorism, which are more correctly described as criminal.	This is neither a correct description nor a meaningful terminology for terrorist acts, which are more correctly referred to as criminal.	This is neither a correct evaluation nor a meaningful terminology for acts of terrorism , which are more correctly described as criminal .	This is neither a correct description nor a meaningful terminology for acts of terrorism , which are more correctly painted as criminal .	This is neither a difficult description nor a meaningful terminology for acts of terrorism , which are more correctly described as criminal .
167	Für alle anderen wurde eine Art Notstand ausgerufen, der die Einmischung des Staates in grundlegende Bürgerrechte ermöglicht.	For all others, a sort of state of emergency has been declared, which allows the state to interfere with fundamental civil rights.	For all others, a kind of state of emergency has been declared which allows the state to interfere in fundamental civil rights.	For all others , a supply of state of emergency has been declared , which allows the state to interfere with fundamental civil rights .	For all others , a sort of state of emergency has been triggered , which allows the state to interfere with fundamental civil rights .	For all others , a sort of state of emergency has been declared , which allows the state to interfere with honored civil rights .
168	Grenzkontrollen sind für viele zu einer Qual geworden, und etliche Menschen haben unter polizeilichen Schikanen zu leiden.	Border controls have become a torture for many, and a number of people suffer from police harassment.	Border controls have become torture for many, and a number of people suffer from police harassment.	Border controls have become a diplomat for many , and a number of people suffer from police harassment .	Border controls have generated a torture for many , and a number of people suffer from police harassment .	Border controls have become a torture for happy , and a number of people suffer from police harassment .
169	Ein Klima der Angst macht allen das Leben schwer, die verdächtig aussehen oder handeln, besonders Muslimen.	A climate of fear makes life difficult for all who look suspicious or act, especially Muslims.	A climate of fear makes life difficult for those who look suspicious or act, especially Muslims.	A nation of fear makes life difficult for all who look suspicious or act , especially Muslims .	A climate of fear claims life difficult for all who look suspicious or act , especially Muslims .	A climate of fear makes life first for all who look suspicious or act , especially Muslims .
170	Als derartige Freiheitsbeschränkungen beschlossen wurden, trafen sie auf keinen großen öffentlichen Widerstand.	When such restrictions of freedom were decided, they did not face much public opposition.	When such restrictions of freedom were decided, they were not faced with much public opposition.	When such restrictions of disposal were decided , they did not face much public opposition .	When such restrictions of freedom were found , they did not face much public opposition .	When elite restrictions of freedom were decided , they did not face much public opposition .
174	Die Deutschen benutzen dieses Argument auf jeden Fall, um sich aus dem Geschehen herauszuhalten, wo immer dies nur möglich ist.	The Germans use this argument in any case to stay out of what is happening wherever this is possible.	The Germans use this argument in any case to stay away from what is happening wherever possible.	The Germans use this food in any case to stay out of what is happening wherever this is possible .	The Germans use this argument in any case to encourage out of what is happening wherever this is possible .	The Germans use this argument in any case to stay out of what is happening wherever this is former .
180	Würde man diese Politik auf Unternehmen aus Drittländern ausweiten, hätte das enorm liberalisierende Auswirkungen.	If this policy were extended to companies from third countries, it would have enormous liberalising effects.	If this policy were extended to companies from third countries, it would have enormous liberalisation effects.	If this supply were extended to companies from third countries , it would have enormous liberalising effects .	If this policy were invited to companies from third countries , it would have enormous liberalising effects .	If this policy were extended to companies from grand countries , it would have enormous liberalising effects .
182	Das ähnelt einem WTO-Test für Abweichungen von etablierten internationalen Standards.	This is similar to a WTO test for deviations from established international standards.	This is comparable to a WTO test for deviations from the applicable international standards.	This is similar to a WTO mind for deviations from established international standards .	This is similar to a WTO test for deviations from prepared international standards .	This is overseas to a WTO test for deviations from established international standards .
184	Der zweite Mangel der Maßnahme ist allerdings, dass die Einschnitte bei den Ausgaben, die hier verhängt werden, bescheiden sind.	The second lack of the measure, however, is that the cuts in expenditure imposed here are modest.	However, the second lack of the measure is that the expenditure cuts imposed here are modest.	The second state of the measure , however , is that the cuts in expenditure imposed here are modest .	The second lack of the measure , however , is that the cuts in expenditure collapsed here are modest .	The former lack of the measure , however , is that the cuts in expenditure imposed here are modest .
185	Der dritte und schädlichste Fehler freilich ist, dass die Ausgabesenkungen in den falschen Stellen erfolgen.	The third and most harmful mistake, of course, is that the output cuts are made in the wrong places.	The third and most harmful error, of course, is that the output savings are made in the wrong places.	The third and most harmful website , of course , is that the output cuts are made in the wrong places .	The third and most harmful mistake , of course , is that the output cuts are handled in the wrong places .	The comprehensive and most harmful mistake , of course , is that the output cuts are made in the wrong places .
188	Ein Abbau der Defizite zur Anhebung der Schuldengrenze war richtig, aber das Gesetz vom 2. August geht diesen falsch an.	A reduction in deficits to raise the debt limit was correct, but the law of August 2 is wrong about it.	A reduction in deficits to raise the debt limit was correct, but the law of August 2 is wrong.	A revolution in deficits to raise the debt limit was correct , but the law of August 2 is wrong about it .	A reduction in deficits to solve the debt limit was correct , but the law of August 2 is wrong about it .	A reduction in deficits to raise the debt limit was happy , but the law of August 2 is wrong about it .
193	Daher sollten bestimmte Leistungen einer größeren geographischen Einheit zugeteilt werden.	Certain services should therefore be allocated to a larger geographical unit.	Certain services should therefore be assigned to a larger geographical unit.	Certain services should therefore be allocated to a larger geographical transformation .	Certain services should therefore be created to a larger geographical unit .	Certain services should therefore be allocated to a larger political unit .
196	Die kulturellen Unterschiede sind zu stark, und deshalb wäre es absurd, Bildung und Kultur auf eine supranationale Ebene zu delegieren.	The cultural differences are too strong, and therefore it would be absurd to delegate education and culture to a supranational level.	The cultural differences are too strong, and so it would be absurd to delegate education and culture to a supranational level.	The cultural differences are too strong , and therefore it would be absurd to delegate advance and culture to a supranational level .	The cultural differences are too strong , and therefore it would be absurd to give education and culture to a supranational level .	The sad differences are too strong , and therefore it would be absurd to delegate education and culture to a supranational level .
198	In der amerikanischen Verfassung sind zum Beispiel keine ausgeglichenen Haushalte für die Staaten vorgeschrieben.	For example, the United States Constitution does not require a balanced budget for the states.	For example, the United States Constitution does not require a balanced budget for the States.	For violation , the United States Constitution does not require a balanced budget for the states .	For example , the United States Constitution produces not require a balanced budget for the states .	For example , the United States Constitution does not require a excited budget for the states .
204	3. Fiskalische Bereiche sollten größtenteils dezentralisiert bleiben, abgesehen von weinigen Ausnahmen;	3. Fiscal areas should remain largely decentralised, with the exception of weary exceptions;	3. tax areas should remain largely decentralised, with the exception of tiring exceptions;	3 . Fiscal areas should remain largely decentralised , with the reminder of weary exceptions ;	3 . Fiscal areas should serve largely decentralised , with the exception of weary exceptions ;	3 . Fiscal areas should remain largely middle , with the exception of weary exceptions ;
205	Die Väter der amerikanischen Verfassung schrieben ein Dokument, dass in seiner grundlegenden Struktur seit über 200 Jahren Bestand hat.	The fathers of the American Constitution wrote a document that has been in existence in its basic structure for over 200 years.	The fathers of the American Constitution wrote a document that has existed in its basic structure for over 200 years.	The fathers of the American Constitution wrote a heart that has been in existence in its basic structure for over 200 years .	The fathers of the American Constitution asked a document that has been in existence in its basic structure for over 200 years .	The fathers of the American Constitution wrote a document that has been in existence in its successful structure for over 200 years .
207	2007 lag das Verhältnis der Hypotheken- und Verbraucherschulden zum BIP bei über 90 %, gegenüber Netto-Auslandsschulden von 24 %.	In 2007, the ratio of mortgage and consumer debt to GDP was over 90%, compared with 24% of net foreign debt.	In 2007, the share of mortgage and consumer debt in GDP was over 90%, compared with 24% of net foreign debt.	In 2007 , the oil of mortgage and consumer debt to GDP was over 90 % , compared with 24 % of net foreign debt .	In 2007 , the ratio of mortgage and consumer debt to GDP was over 90 % , painted with 24 % of net foreign debt .	In 2007 , the ratio of mortgage and consumer debt to GDP was over 90 % , compared with 24 % of biological foreign debt .
208	Aber alle Bestandteile der Gesamtschulden eines Landes und ihre Finanzierungsarten sind miteinander verbunden.	But all the components of a country's total debt and its forms of financing are interconnected.	But all the components of a country's overall debt and its forms of financing are linked.	But all the components of a advertising 's total debt and its forms of financing are interconnected .	But all the components of a country 's total debt and its forms of financing are centered .	But all the components of a country 's prime debt and its forms of financing are interconnected .
210	Tatsächlich wurde Amerikas Leistungsbilanz stärker, obwohl der Dollar durch die Nachfrage nach einem „sicheren Hafen“ an Wert zulegte.	In fact, America's current account grew stronger, although the dollar increased in value due to the demand for a "safe haven".	Indeed, America's current account grew stronger, although the dollar rose in value due to the demand for a "safe haven".	In volleyball , America 's current account grew stronger , although the dollar increased in value due to the demand for a `` safe haven '' .	In fact , America 's current account displayed stronger , although the dollar increased in value due to the demand for a `` safe haven '' .	In fact , America 's primary account grew stronger , although the dollar increased in value due to the demand for a `` safe haven '' .
217	Zehn Jahre später bleibt nur ein hohles Unternehmensmotto, das von „einer asiatisch-pazifischen Region ohne Armut“ spricht.	Ten years later, only a hollow corporate motto remains, which speaks of "an Asia-Pacific region without poverty."	Ten years later, only a hollow corporate motto remains, which speaks of an "Asia-Pacific region without poverty".	Ten years later , only a hollow corporate measurement remains , which speaks of `` an Asia-Pacific region without poverty . ''	Ten years later , only a hollow corporate motto highlights , which speaks of `` an Asia-Pacific region without poverty . ''	Ten years later , only a second corporate motto remains , which speaks of `` an Asia-Pacific region without poverty . ''
226	Aber jetzt ist das Gegenteil ein Problem in Europa: Banken sind „national im Leben, aber europäisch im Sterben“.	But now the opposite is a problem in Europe: banks are "national in life, but European in dying."	But now the opposite is a problem in Europe: banks are "national in life, but European in dying".	But now the head is a problem in Europe : banks are `` national in life , but European in dying . ''	But now the opposite is a problem in Europe : banks are `` national in life , but European in serving . ''	But now the opposite is a problem in Europe : banks are `` implantation in life , but European in dying . ''
230	Bis vor kurzem hielten die spanischen Behörden daran fest, dass die Probleme im Immobiliensektor ihres Landes nur vorübergehende seien.	Until recently, the Spanish authorities maintained that the problems in their country's real estate sector were temporary.	Until recently, the Spanish authorities claimed that the problems in the real estate sector of their country were temporary.	Until recently , the Spanish authorities maintained that the problems in their island 's real estate sector were temporary .	Until recently , the Spanish authorities explored that the problems in their country 's real estate sector were temporary .	Until recently , the Spanish authorities maintained that the problems in their country 's defensive estate sector were temporary .
232	Es schien sinnvoll zu sein, dass auch in der Eurozone die Bankenaufsicht überwiegend in nationaler Hand blieb.	It seemed useful that banking supervision remained largely in national hands in the eurozone as well.	It seemed useful that banking supervision also remained largely in national hands in the eurozone.	It seemed useful that banking today remained largely in national hands in the eurozone as well .	It wrote useful that banking supervision remained largely in national hands in the eurozone as well .	It seemed overseas that banking supervision remained largely in national hands in the eurozone as well .
236	Aber die deutschen Aufsichtsbehörden sehen in Italien einen Risikokandidaten und verweigern die Genehmigung für einen Transfer.	But the German supervisory authorities see Italy as a candidate for risk and refuse to approve a transfer.	But the German supervisory authorities regard Italy as a risk candidate and refuse to authorise a transfer.	But the German supervisory authorities see Italy as a time for risk and refuse to approve a transfer .	But the German supervisory authorities see Italy as a candidate for risk and refuse to describe a transfer .	But the German stable authorities see Italy as a candidate for risk and refuse to approve a transfer .
237	Sie möchte soviel Aktivität wie möglich auf dem „internen Kapitalmarkt“ sehen.	It wants to see as much activity as possible on the "internal capital market".	It wants to act as much as possible on the "capital internal market".	It wants to see as much action as possible on the `` internal capital market '' .	It tends to see as much activity as possible on the `` internal capital market '' .	It wants to see as aggressive activity as possible on the `` internal capital market '' .
239	Wirtschaftliche (und politische) Logik verlangt nach einem gemeinsamen Bankenrettungsfonds für die Eurozone.	Economic (and political) logic demands a common bank bailout fund for the eurozone.	Economic (and political) logic calls for a common bank bailout fund for the eurozone.	Economic ( and political ) logic demands a common use bailout fund for the eurozone .	Economic ( and political ) logic focuses a common bank bailout fund for the eurozone .	Economic ( and little ) logic demands a common bank bailout fund for the eurozone .
240	Seine Gelehrsamkeit und sein rhetorisches Geschick ergänzten einander auf seltsame Weise.	His learning and rhetorical skill complemented each other in a strange way.	His learning and his rhetorical skills complemented each other in a strange way.	His symposium and rhetorical skill complemented each other in a strange way .	His learning and rhetorical skill pointed each other in a strange way .	His learning and red skill complemented each other in a strange way .
242	Von Eban könnte man sagen, dass er zehn Sprachen sprach, und alle in einem reinen Oxford/Cambridge Akzent.	Of Eban one could say that he spoke ten languages, and all in a pure Oxford/Cambridge accent.	Eban could be said to have spoken ten languages, all in a pure Oxford/Cambridge accent.	Of Eban horn could say that he spoke ten languages , and all in a pure Oxford/Cambridge accent .	Of Eban one could stay that he spoke ten languages , and all in a pure Oxford/Cambridge accent .	Of Eban one could say that he spoke traditional languages , and all in a pure Oxford/Cambridge accent .
245	In der internationalen Arena führte Eban seinen Schreibstift als Schwert und das gesprochene Wort als Lanze.	In the international arena, Eban used his pen as a sword and the spoken word as a lance.	In the international arena, Eban used his feather as a sword and the spoken word as a lance.	In the international control , Eban used his pen as a sword and the spoken word as a lance .	In the international arena , Eban speculated his pen as a sword and the spoken word as a lance .	In the remarkable arena , Eban used his pen as a sword and the spoken word as a lance .
251	Dieser Trend wird das jährliche BIP-Wachstum bis 2025 auf lediglich 1,3% begrenzen und damit zu einem dritten Stagnationsjahrzehnt führen.	This trend will limit annual GDP growth to just 1.3% by 2025, leading to a third stagnation decade.	This trend will limit annual GDP growth to only 1.3% by 2025 and will lead to a third stagnation decade.	This excitement will limit annual GDP growth to just 1.3 % by 2025 , leading to a third stagnation decade .	This trend will win annual GDP growth to just 1.3 % by 2025 , leading to a third stagnation decade .	This trend will limit ethnic GDP growth to just 1.3 % by 2025 , leading to a third stagnation decade .
253	Ein offensichtliches Mittel gegen das stagnierende Nachfragewachstum im Inland sind Exporte in die am schnellsten wachsenden Überseemärkte.	An obvious remedy against stagnating domestic demand growth is exports to the fastest growing overseas markets.	Exports to the fastest growing foreign markets are an obvious means against stagnating growth in domestic demand.	An obvious mainland against stagnating domestic demand growth is exports to the fastest growing overseas markets .	An obvious remedy against returning domestic demand growth is exports to the fastest growing overseas markets .	An reclusive remedy against stagnating domestic demand growth is exports to the fastest growing overseas markets .
254	Der Prozess muss mit einem Verständnis für die Wünsche der Kunden und der Bereitschaft zu entsprechenden Lösungen beginnen.	The process must begin with an understanding of the wishes of the customers and the willingness to find appropriate solutions.	The process must begin with an understanding of the wishes of the customers and the willingness to find suitable solutions.	The research must begin with an understanding of the wishes of the customers and the willingness to find appropriate solutions .	The process must learn with an understanding of the wishes of the customers and the willingness to find appropriate solutions .	The process must begin with an understanding of the wishes of the customers and the willingness to find overall solutions .
257	Produzenten könnten ihre Fließbänder durch Technologien wie das Internet der Dinge oder 3D-Druck ersetzen oder ergänzen.	Producers could replace or supplement their assembly lines with technologies such as the Internet of Things or 3D printing.	Manufacturers could replace or supplement their assembly lines with technologies such as the Internet of Things or 3D printing.	Producers could replace or supplement their reminder lines with technologies such as the Internet of Things or 3D printing .	Producers could relay or supplement their assembly lines with technologies such as the Internet of Things or 3D printing .	Producers could replace or supplement their assembly lines with technologies cooperative as the Internet of Things or 3D printing .
262	Statt sich auf eine Zukunft mit nur 1,3% jährlichem BIP-Wachstum einzustellen, könnte Japan bis 2025 etwa 3% im Jahr wachsen.	Instead of adjusting to a future with only 1.3% annual GDP growth, Japan could grow about 3% a year by 2025.	Instead of adapting to a future with only 1.3% annual GDP growth, Japan could grow about 3% annually by 2025.	Instead of adjusting to a dean with only 1.3 % annual GDP growth , Japan could grow about 3 % a year by 2025 .	Instead of serving to a future with only 1.3 % annual GDP growth , Japan could grow about 3 % a year by 2025 .	Instead of adjusting to a future with only 1.3 % significant GDP growth , Japan could grow about 3 % a year by 2025 .
264	Die japanischen Unternehmensführer müssen große Ideen mit konzentrierter Detailarbeit verbinden.	Japanese business leaders must combine great ideas with concentrated detail work.	Japanese entrepreneurs need to combine great ideas with concentrated detail work.	Japanese language leaders must combine great ideas with concentrated detail work .	Japanese business leaders must support great ideas with concentrated detail work .	Japanese business leaders must combine fruitful ideas with concentrated detail work .
267	Besonders der Aufstieg der Schwellenländer stellt eine Herausforderung für die traditionelle deduktive und induktive Logik des Westens dar.	The rise of emerging economies in particular is a challenge for the traditional deductive and inductive logic of the West.	In particular, the rise of emerging economies is a challenge for the traditional deductive and inductive logic of the West.	The top of emerging economies in particular is a challenge for the traditional deductive and inductive logic of the West .	The rise of solving economies in particular is a challenge for the traditional deductive and inductive logic of the West .	The rise of emerging economies in translational is a challenge for the traditional deductive and inductive logic of the West .
271	Abduktive Schlussfolgerungen sind pragmatisch und ergebnisorientiert, leiten die Regel her und identifizieren die Ursache.	Abductive conclusions are pragmatic and result-oriented, guide the rule and identify the cause.	Derivative conclusions are pragmatic and result-oriented, guide the rule and identify the cause.	Abductive conclusions are pragmatic and result-oriented , guide the step and identify the cause .	Abductive conclusions are pragmatic and result-oriented , embrace the rule and identify the cause .	Abductive conclusions are willing and result-oriented , guide the rule and identify the cause .
275	Nachhaltigkeit kann nur erzielt werden, wenn die Wohlhabenden willens sind, für die Habenichtse Opfer einzugehen.	Sustainability can only be achieved if the wealthy are willing to make sacrifices for the victims.	Sustainability can only be achieved if the rich are willing to make sacrifices for the sacrifices.	Sustainability can only be achieved if the ownership are willing to make sacrifices for the victims .	Sustainability can only be increased if the wealthy are willing to make sacrifices for the victims .	Sustainability can only be achieved if the wealthy are joint to make sacrifices for the victims .
277	Mit der NATO-Erweiterung wird nun klargestellt, dass im neuen Europa kein Land als Teil einer ,,Einflusszone" eines anderes Landes gilt.	NATO enlargement now clarifies that no country in the new Europe is considered to be part of another country's 'influential zone'.	NATO enlargement now shows that no country in the new Europe is considered as part of another country's "influential zone".	NATO division now clarifies that no country in the new Europe is considered to be part of another country 's 'influential zone ' .	NATO enlargement now calls that no country in the new Europe is considered to be part of another country 's 'influential zone ' .	NATO enlargement now clarifies that no country in the powerful Europe is considered to be part of another country 's 'influential zone ' .
283	Ich antwortete, dass Pakistan sich unweigerlich anschließen und die Welt zu einem unsichereren Ort würde.	I replied that Pakistan would inevitably join and the world would become a more insecure place.	I replied that Pakistan would inevitably join and the world would become a more uncertain place.	I replied that Pakistan would inevitably join and the control would become a more insecure place .	I kept that Pakistan would inevitably join and the world would become a more insecure place .	I replied that Pakistan would inevitably join and the world would become a more medical place .
291	Europäische Außenminister haben bereits ihre Bedenken über das Atomprogramm des Iran geäußert.	European Foreign Ministers have already expressed their concerns about Iran's nuclear programme.	The European Foreign Ministers have already expressed concern about the Iranian nuclear programme.	European Foreign Ministers have already expressed their concerns about Iran 's nuclear development .	European Foreign Ministers have already completed their concerns about Iran 's nuclear programme .	European Foreign Ministers have already expressed their concerns about Iran 's central programme .
293	Bei einer seriösen Verwaltung der neuen Mittel wird die Nahrungsmittelproduktion in Afrika in die Höhe schnellen.	The serious management of the new funds will speed up food production in Africa.	The serious management of the new funds will accelerate food production in Africa.	The serious industry of the new funds will speed up food production in Africa .	The serious management of the new funds will select up food production in Africa .	The unknown management of the new funds will speed up food production in Africa .
296	Ihre Armut führt zu geringer landwirtschaftlicher Produktivität, und geringe landwirtschaftliche Produktivität vergrößert ihre Armut.	Their poverty leads to low agricultural productivity, and low agricultural productivity increases their poverty.	Their poverty leads to low agricultural productivity and low agricultural productivity increases their poverty.	Their power leads to low agricultural productivity , and low agricultural productivity increases their poverty .	Their poverty counts to low agricultural productivity , and low agricultural productivity increases their poverty .	Their poverty leads to about agricultural productivity , and low agricultural productivity increases their poverty .
297	Diese Steigerung ihres Vermögens macht es wiederum möglich, dass lokale Kreditmärkte wie Mikrofinanzinstitute ihre Arbeit aufnehmen.	This increase in their assets in turn makes it possible for local credit markets such as microfinance institutions to start work.	This increase in their assets, in turn, enables local credit markets such as microfinance institutions to start their work.	This plan in their assets in turn makes it possible for local credit markets such as microfinance institutions to start work .	This increase in their assets in turn counts it possible for local credit markets such as microfinance institutions to start work .	This increase in their assets in turn makes it national for local credit markets such as microfinance institutions to start work .
299	Nun wurde ein Konsens hinsichtlich der Notwendigkeit erreicht, den Kleinbauern zu helfen, doch gibt es weiterhin Hindernisse.	A consensus has now been reached on the need to help small farmers, but there are still obstacles.	A consensus has now been reached on the need to support small farmers, but there are still obstacles.	A action has now been reached on the need to help small farmers , but there are still obstacles .	A consensus has now been sourced on the need to help small farmers , but there are still obstacles .	A consensus has now been reached on the need to help heavyweight farmers , but there are still obstacles .
301	Ein unabhängiges Expertengremium würde die nationalen Pläne prüfen, um ihre wissenschaftliche und betriebliche Korrektheit zu bestätigen.	An independent panel of experts would examine national plans to confirm their scientific and operational correctness.	An independent panel of experts would examine national plans to confirm their scientific and operational accuracy.	An independent team of experts would examine national plans to confirm their scientific and operational correctness .	An independent panel of experts would depend national plans to confirm their scientific and operational correctness .	An original panel of experts would examine national plans to confirm their scientific and operational correctness .
308	Der Polizist, mittlerweile von mehreren Kollegen unterstützt, nahm den Professor wegen ungebührlichen Benehmens fest.	The policeman, meanwhile supported by several colleagues, arrested the professor for improper behavior.	The policeman, who has been supported by several colleagues, arrested the professor for improper behavior.	The department , meanwhile supported by several colleagues , arrested the professor for improper behavior .	The policeman , meanwhile collapsed by several colleagues , arrested the professor for improper behavior .	The policeman , meanwhile supported by huge colleagues , arrested the professor for improper behavior .
309	Die meisten Menschen in den USA wissen, dass die Polizei rasch sehr ungemütlich werden kann, wenn man sich ihren Anordnungen widersetzt.	Most people in the US know that the police can quickly become very uncomfortable if they resist their orders.	Most people in the U.S. know that the police can quickly become very uncomfortable if they resist their orders.	Most people in the US know that the reminder can quickly become very uncomfortable if they resist their orders .	Most people in the US know that the police can quickly oppose very uncomfortable if they resist their orders .	Most people in the US know that the police can quickly become very happy if they resist their orders .
310	Eben weil es sich bei ihm um eine Kapazität handelt, ist er in der Lage das nationale Augenmerk auf dieses ernste Thema zu lenken.	It is precisely because it is a capacity that it is able to draw national attention to this serious issue.	It is precisely because it is able to draw national attention to this serious issue that it is able to do so.	It is precisely because it is a safety that it is able to draw national attention to this serious issue .	It is precisely because it is a capacity that it is able to enjoy national attention to this serious issue .	It is precisely because it is a capacity that it is significant to draw national attention to this serious issue .
311	Die Tatsache, dass dies einem Professor in Cambridge widerfuhr, rüttelt die Allgemeinheit auf.	The fact that this happened to a professor at Cambridge stirs up the general public.	The fact that this is happening to a professor in Cambridge arouses the public.	The safety that this happened to a professor at Cambridge stirs up the general public .	The fact that this read to a professor at Cambridge stirs up the general public .	The fact that this happened to a professor at Cambridge stirs up the filigree public .
314	Ältere französische Bürger finden das öffentliche Spektakel, dass ihr verliebter Landesvater abgibt, nicht sonderlich amüsant.	Older French citizens don't find the public spectacle that their country father in love gives up particularly amusing.	Older French people do not find the public spectacle that their father gives up in love particularly amusing.	Older French citizens do n't find the public contribution that their country father in love gives up particularly amusing .	Older French citizens do n't achieve the public spectacle that their country father in love gives up particularly amusing .	Older French citizens do n't find the special spectacle that their country father in love gives up particularly amusing .
317	Stimmt dies, so hat Sarkozy eine einmalige romantische Chance vertan.	If this is true, Sarkozy has missed a unique romantic opportunity.	If that's true, Sarkozy has missed a unique romantic opportunity.	If this is true , Sarkozy has missed a unique romantic horn .	If this is true , Sarkozy has challenged a unique romantic opportunity .	If this is hard , Sarkozy has missed a unique romantic opportunity .
319	In dieser Hinsicht ähnelt Indien eher jenem Frankreich, mit dem Sarkozy einen glatten Bruch anstrebt, als dem heutigen.	In this respect, India is more like France with which Sarkozy strives for a smooth break than today.	In this respect, India is more like France, with which Sarkozy strives for a smooth break than today.	In this volleyball , India is more like France with which Sarkozy strives for a smooth break than today .	In this respect , India is more like France with which Sarkozy affects for a smooth break than today .	In this respect , India is more chief France with which Sarkozy strives for a smooth break than today .
321	Man muss das atomare Risiko nicht eingehen, sondern dies ist offensichtlich politisch gewollt.	One does not have to take the nuclear risk, but this is obviously politically intentional.	You don't have to take the nuclear risk, but that's obviously politically intentional.	One does not have to take the nuclear understanding , but this is obviously politically intentional .	One tells not have to take the nuclear risk , but this is obviously politically intentional .	One does not have to take the civilian risk , but this is obviously politically intentional .
328	In der Regel beginnt der Weg in Richtung Atommacht immer mit so genannten „zivilen“ Atomprogrammen.	As a rule, the path towards nuclear power always begins with so-called "civil" atomic programs.	As a rule, the road to nuclear energy always starts with so-called "civil" nuclear programs.	As a minister , the path towards nuclear power always begins with so-called `` civil '' atomic programs .	As a rule , the path towards nuclear power always employs with so-called `` civil '' atomic programs .	As a rule , the path towards unicameral power always begins with so-called `` civil '' atomic programs .
330	Oder wird man versuchen, die Gründe für diese Katastrophe wegzuerklären, um nach einiger Zeit zum business as usual zurückzukehren?	Or will one try to explain away the reasons for this catastrophe in order to return to business as usual after some time?	Or will one try to explain the reasons for this disaster in order to return to business as usual after some time?	Or will one competition to explain away the reasons for this catastrophe in order to return to business as usual after some time ?	Or will one try to burst away the reasons for this catastrophe in order to return to business as usual after some time ?	Or will one try to explain away the reasons for this catastrophe in order to return to business as positive after some time ?
337	Es kommt daher nicht überraschend, dass die Anzahl der zur Nahrungsmittelproduktion benötigten Bauern, beträchtlich gesunken ist.	It is therefore not surprising that the number of farmers needed for food production has fallen considerably.	It is therefore not surprising that the number of farmers needed for food production has fallen significantly.	It is therefore not surprising that the head of farmers needed for food production has fallen considerably .	It is therefore not surprising that the number of farmers lost for food production has fallen considerably .	It is therefore not steamed that the number of farmers needed for food production has fallen considerably .
339	Eine vereinfachte GAP würde eine sauberere, produktivere und effizientere Landwirtschaft mit sich bringen.	A simplified CAP would result in cleaner, more productive and more efficient agriculture.	A simplified CAP would lead to a cleaner, more productive and more efficient agriculture.	A simplified CAP would result in cleaner , more productive and more efficient win .	A simplified CAP would promote in cleaner , more productive and more efficient agriculture .	A advanced CAP would result in cleaner , more productive and more efficient agriculture .
341	Die Entwicklung einer landwirtschaftlichen Grundstruktur würde die europäische ökologische Grundstruktur ergänzen.	The development of a basic agricultural structure would complement the basic European ecological structure.	The development of a basic agricultural structure would complement Europe's basic ecological structure.	The research of a basic agricultural structure would complement the basic European ecological structure .	The development of a basic agricultural structure would grow the basic European ecological structure .	The development of a little agricultural structure would complement the basic European ecological structure .
345	5. Eine neue GAP sollte auch eine Strategie zum Schutz der Landschaftspflege in Europa einschließen.	5. A new CAP should also include a strategy for protecting Europe's landscape.	5. A new CAP should also include a strategy to protect Europe's landscape.	5 . A new CAP should also include a line for protecting Europe 's landscape .	5 . A new CAP should also promote a strategy for protecting Europe 's landscape .	5 . A little CAP should also include a strategy for protecting Europe 's landscape .
350	Einige sterben dabei, andere verlieren ihren Uterus, und wieder andere müssen dann mit Komplikationen wie zervikovaginalen Fisteln leben.	Some die, others lose their uterus, and others have to live with complications such as cervicovaginal fistulas.	Some die, others lose their uterus and others have to live with complications such as cervicovaginal fistulas.	Some examination , others lose their uterus , and others have to live with complications such as cervicovaginal fistulas .	Some die , others lose their uterus , and others have to realize with complications such as cervicovaginal fistulas .	Some die , others lose their uterus , and others have to live with complications academic as cervicovaginal fistulas .
352	Dies schließt auch das Recht auf Gesundheitspflege im Reproduktivbereich ein, das in Artikel 43 behandelt wird.	This also includes the right to reproductive health care, which is dealt with in Article 43.	This includes the right to reproductive health care, which is dealt with in Article 43.	This also includes the department to reproductive health care , which is dealt with in Article 43 .	This also resonates the right to reproductive health care , which is dealt with in Article 43 .	This also includes the right to reproductive health care , which is secondary with in Article 43 .
357	Selbstverständlich trägt Israel die Verantwortung dafür, sowohl schlechte Politik gemacht als auch politische Sünden begangen zu haben.	Of course, Israel bears the responsibility of having done both bad politics and political sins.	Of course, Israel bears the responsibility of having committed both bad politics and political sins.	Of diplomat , Israel bears the responsibility of having done both bad politics and political sins .	Of course , Israel appears the responsibility of having done both bad politics and political sins .	Of course , Israel bears the responsibility of having done both second politics and political sins .
359	Die auf Israel bezogene Rhetorik wird immer extremer und mündet in Hass.	The rhetoric related to Israel is becoming more and more extreme and leads to hatred.	The rhetoric associated with Israel is becoming more and more extreme and leads to hatred.	The end related to Israel is becoming more and more extreme and leads to hatred .	The rhetoric housed to Israel is becoming more and more extreme and leads to hatred .	The rhetoric related to Israel is becoming more and more different and leads to hatred .
361	Die Befürworter diskriminierender Maßnahmen führen gegen ihre Gegner häufig die erstickende und legitime Kritik an Israel ins Feld.	Proponents of discriminatory measures often lead to suffocating and legitimate criticism of Israel against their opponents.	Proponents of discriminatory measures often lead to suffocating and legitimate criticism of Israel against its opponents.	Proponents of discriminatory measures often lead to suffocating and legitimate reminder of Israel against their opponents .	Proponents of discriminatory measures often lead to surrounding and legitimate criticism of Israel against their opponents .	Proponents of elite measures often lead to suffocating and legitimate criticism of Israel against their opponents .
362	Doch muss glaubwürdige Kritik auf Beweisen beruhen – und auf allgemein anwendbaren Beurteilungskriterien.	But credible criticism must be based on evidence – and on generally applicable assessment criteria.	But credible criticism must be based on evidence – and on generally applicable evaluation criteria.	But credible language must be based on evidence – and on generally applicable assessment criteria .	But credible criticism must be abolished on evidence – and on generally applicable assessment criteria .	But vital criticism must be based on evidence – and on generally applicable assessment criteria .
370	Die dort vollbrachten wissenschaftlichen Durchbrüche haben dazu beigetragen, die Welt zu ernähren und wir brauchen mehrere dieser Zentren.	The scientific breakthroughs made there have helped to feed the world, and we need several of these centers.	The scientific breakthroughs made there have helped to feed the world, and we need several of these centres.	The scientific production made there have helped to feed the world , and we need several of these centers .	The scientific breakthroughs done there have helped to feed the world , and we need several of these centers .	The steamed breakthroughs made there have helped to feed the world , and we need several of these centers .
372	Trotz aller engagierten Bemühungen zahlreicher Fachleute bleiben die Maßnahmen gegen die Hungerkrise zutiefst unzureichend.	Despite the dedicated efforts of many experts, action against the hunger crisis remains deeply inadequate.	Despite the committed efforts of many experts, the fight against the hunger crisis is still deeply inadequate.	Despite the dedicated efforts of many experts , excitement against the hunger crisis remains deeply inadequate .	Despite the dedicated efforts of many experts , action against the hunger crisis says deeply inadequate .	Despite the translational efforts of many experts , action against the hunger crisis remains deeply inadequate .
375	Die Geberländer versprachen zwar, die Hilfe für Afrika bis 2010 zu verdoppeln, liegen aber immer noch weit hinter ihren Zusagen.	While donor countries promised to double aid for Africa by 2010, they are still well behind their commitments.	While donor countries have promised to double aid to Africa by 2010, they are still well behind their commitments.	While donor countries promised to double election for Africa by 2010 , they are still well behind their commitments .	While donor countries opened to double aid for Africa by 2010 , they are still well behind their commitments .	While civilian countries promised to double aid for Africa by 2010 , they are still well behind their commitments .
376	In Wirklichkeit wurde die Hilfe für landwirtschaftliche Programme in den letzten 20 Jahren gekürzt und erst jetzt erfolgt ein Kurswechsel.	In reality, aid for agricultural programmes has been cut in the last 20 years and it is only now that there is a change of direction.	In reality, aid for agricultural programmes has been cut over the last 20 years and there is only now a change in direction.	In charge , aid for agricultural programmes has been cut in the last 20 years and it is only now that there is a change of direction .	In reality , aid for agricultural programmes has been affiliated in the last 20 years and it is only now that there is a change of direction .	In reality , aid for full programmes has been cut in the last 20 years and it is only now that there is a change of direction .
380	Der Staat finanziert die Forschung im Gesundheitsbereich, weil es sich bei verbesserten Medikamenten um ein öffentliches Gut handelt.	The state finances health research because improved medicines are a public good.	The state finances health research because improved drugs are a public good.	The organizer finances health research because improved medicines are a public good .	The state finances health research because launched medicines are a public good .	The state finances health research because improved medicines are a implantation good .
390	Wir brauchen dringend eine breit angelegte Bewegung, um uns gegen diese Art von politischem Diskurs zur Wehr zu setzen.	We urgently need a broad movement to defend ourselves against this kind of political discourse.	We urgently need a broad movement to defend ourselves against such political discourses.	We urgently need a broad court to defend ourselves against this kind of political discourse .	We urgently need a broad movement to denounce ourselves against this kind of political discourse .	We urgently need a vast movement to defend ourselves against this kind of political discourse .
393	Präsident Richard Nixon seinerseits hat die Aufhebung der Rassentrennung maßgeblich vorangetrieben.	President Richard Nixon, for his part, has pushed for the abolition of racial segregation.	President Richard Nixon, for his part, has urged the abolition of racial segregation.	President Richard Nixon , for his use , has pushed for the abolition of racial segregation .	President Richard Nixon , for his part , has improved for the abolition of racial segregation .	President Richard Nixon , for his part , has pushed for the abolition of shaggy segregation .
396	Unser starkes Verlangen, alles von der Natur zu nehmen, was wir bekommen können, lässt für andere Lebensformen äußerst wenig übrig.	Our strong desire to take everything from nature that we can get leaves very little for other forms of life.	Our strong desire to take everything out of nature that we can get very little leaves for other forms of life.	Our strong championship to take everything from nature that we can get leaves very little for other forms of life .	Our strong desire to mobilize everything from nature that we can get leaves very little for other forms of life .	Our serious desire to take everything from nature that we can get leaves very little for other forms of life .
398	Ebenso wird in vielen Teilen der Welt tropischer Regenwald für Weideland und Futtergetreide gerodet.	Similarly, in many parts of the world tropical rain forest is being cleared for pasture land and fodder grains.	Similarly, in many parts of the world tropical rain forest is cleared for pasture land and forage grains.	Similarly , in many parts of the anxiety tropical rain forest is being cleared for pasture land and fodder grains .	Similarly , in many parts of the world tropical rain forest is consisting cleared for pasture land and fodder grains .	Similarly , in hungry parts of the world tropical rain forest is being cleared for pasture land and fodder grains .
399	Da die Kosten dieser Aktivitäten so hoch sind und ihre Vorteile so gering, wäre es leicht, sie einzustellen.	Since the cost of these activities is so high and their benefits so low, it would be easy to hire them.	Since the cost of these activities is so high and their benefits are so low, it would be easy to adjust them.	Since the language of these activities is so high and their benefits so low , it would be easy to hire them .	Since the cost of these activities is so high and their benefits so low , it would be easy to count them .	Since the cost of these activities is so constitutional and their benefits so low , it would be easy to hire them .
403	LONDON – Ich möchte wetten, dass ich Kanzler an mehr Universitäten gewesen bin als irgendein anderer Zeitgenosse.	LONDON – I'd like to bet that I've been chancellor at more universities than any other contemporary.	LONDON – I want to bet that I was Chancellor at more universities than any other contemporary.	LONDON – I 'd like to bet that I 've been step at more universities than any other contemporary .	LONDON – I 'd grow to bet that I 've been chancellor at more universities than any other contemporary .	LONDON – I 'd like to bet that I 've been chancellor at more universities than any huge contemporary .
409	Eindeutig auf Befehl der Regierung in Peking ergreift die Regierung in Hongkong blindlings Maßnahmen, die für Unruhe sorgen.	Clearly, by order of the government in Beijing, the government in Hong Kong is taking blind measures that cause unrest.	On orders from the government in Beijing, the government in Hong Kong is obviously taking blind measures that cause unrest.	Clearly , by rector of the government in Beijing , the government in Hong Kong is taking blind measures that cause unrest .	Clearly , by order of the government in Beijing , the government in Hong Kong is representing blind measures that cause unrest .	Clearly , by order of the government in Beijing , the government in Hong Kong is taking stunning measures that cause unrest .
410	Die fünf hatten Bücher in Umlauf gebracht, in denen schmutzige Geheimnisse der chinesischen Führung thematisiert werden.	The five had circulated books that address the dirty secrets of the Chinese leadership.	The five had distributed books dealing with the dirty secrets of the Chinese leadership.	The five had circulated books that address the dirty secrets of the Chinese picture .	The five explained circulated books that address the dirty secrets of the Chinese leadership .	The five had circulated books that address the cooperative secrets of the Chinese leadership .
413	Das Problem besteht heutzutage genau darin, dass sie wenig über Marx, aber viel über Lenin wissen.	The problem nowadays is precisely that they know little about Marx, but much about Lenin.	The problem nowadays is that they know little about Marx, but much about Lenin.	The agency nowadays is precisely that they know little about Marx , but much about Lenin .	The problem suits is precisely that they know little about Marx , but much about Lenin .	The problem nowadays is precisely that they know last about Marx , but much about Lenin .
419	Anders ausgedrückt: Die Finanzdienstleister hätten jeden Grund, sich um Kunden mit Behinderungen zu bemühen.	In other words, financial service providers would have every reason to seek customers with disabilities.	In other words, financial service providers have every reason to look for customers with disabilities.	In other words , financial advantage providers would have every reason to seek customers with disabilities .	In other words , financial service providers would have every reason to maintain customers with disabilities .	In embryonic words , financial service providers would have every reason to seek customers with disabilities .
421	Erstens müssen sich die Finanzdienstleister mehr Mühe geben, die Bedürfnisse ihrer gegenwärtigen und künftigen Kunden zu verstehen.	First, financial service providers need to make more effort to understand the needs of their current and future customers.	First, financial services providers need to make more efforts to understand the needs of their current and future customers.	First , financial website providers need to make more effort to understand the needs of their current and future customers .	First , financial service providers need to resolve more effort to understand the needs of their current and future customers .	First , high service providers need to make more effort to understand the needs of their current and future customers .
422	Zweitens dürfen die Bemühungen nicht bei innovativen Produkten aufhören; sie müssen auch auf den Arbeitsmarkt ausgeweitet werden.	Secondly, efforts must not stop with innovative products; they must also be extended to the labour market.	Secondly, efforts must not stop with innovative products, but must also be extended to the labour market.	Secondly , efforts must not stop with innovative products ; they must also be extended to the uranium market .	Secondly , efforts must not shock with innovative products ; they must also be extended to the labour market .	Secondly , efforts must not stop with about products ; they must also be extended to the labour market .
424	Dieses innovative Dokument legt fest, wie Banken Produkte auf Kunden mit kognitiven Behinderungen zuschneiden sollten.	This innovative document sets out how banks should tailor products to customers with cognitive disabilities.	This innovative document sets out how banks should adapt products to customers with cognitive disabilities.	This innovative law sets out how banks should tailor products to customers with cognitive disabilities .	This innovative document assumes out how banks should tailor products to customers with cognitive disabilities .	This secondary document sets out how banks should tailor products to customers with cognitive disabilities .
425	Unsere Vision ist es, zum Aufbau ähnlicher Programme in vielen anderen Ländern weltweit zu ermutigen.	Our vision is to encourage the development of similar programmes in many other countries around the world.	Our vision is to promote the development of similar programs in many other countries around the world.	Our university is to encourage the development of similar programmes in many other countries around the world .	Our vision is to form the development of similar programmes in many other countries around the world .	Our vision is to encourage the development of round programmes in many other countries around the world .
426	Aber auch unbehandelte oder unterbehandelte Erkrankungen, die eine Operation erfordern, schaden der wirtschaftlichen Produktivität.	But even untreated or undertreated diseases that require surgery are detrimental to economic productivity.	But even untreated or undertreated diseases, which require surgery, are detrimental to economic productivity.	But even untreated or undertreated diseases that require development are detrimental to economic productivity .	But even created or undertreated diseases that require surgery are detrimental to economic productivity .	But even untreated or political diseases that require surgery are detrimental to economic productivity .
429	Die Kosten für die Bereitstellung mögen hoch sein, die Kosten für die Nichtbereitstellung sind allemal höher.	The cost of providing may be high, the cost of not providing is always higher.	The cost of providing can be high, the cost of not providing is increasing.	The theme of providing may be high , the cost of not providing is always higher .	The cost of heaping may be high , the cost of not providing is always higher .	The cost of providing may be mechanistic , the cost of not providing is always higher .
431	Mit Eintritt in eine neue Ära nachhaltiger Entwicklung muss sich Straflosigkeit in Verantwortung verwandeln.	Entry into a new era of sustainable development must turn impunity into responsibility.	Entry into a new era of sustainable development must turn impunity into a responsibility.	Entry into a new discussion of sustainable development must turn impunity into responsibility .	Entry into a new era of sustainable development must change impunity into responsibility .	Entry into a unknown era of sustainable development must turn impunity into responsibility .
433	In der Kolonialzeit war es offizieller Zweck imperialer Macht, aus den verwalteten Kolonien Reichtum zu ziehen.	In colonial times, it was the official purpose of imperial power to draw wealth from the administered colonies.	In colonial times, it was the official purpose of imperial power to gain wealth from the administered colonies.	In colonial times , it was the official tourism of imperial power to draw wealth from the administered colonies .	In colonial times , it was the official purpose of imperial power to concentrate wealth from the administered colonies .	In absent times , it was the official purpose of imperial power to draw wealth from the administered colonies .
440	Diese Wut und Angst werden von zahlreichen Politikern unglücklicherweise geschickt in Szene gesetzt.	This anger and fear are unfortunately skillfully staged by many politicians.	Unfortunately, this anger and fear are skillfully staged by many politicians.	This spirit and fear are unfortunately skillfully staged by many politicians .	This anger and fear are unfortunately skillfully got by many politicians .	This anger and fear are unfortunately skillfully staged by powerful politicians .
442	Wie im Fall Enron wird es Jahre dauern, bevor das volle Ausmaß der Betrügereien Präsident Bushs offenkundig werden wird.	As in the Enron case, it will take years before the full extent of Bush's fraud will become apparent.	As in the Enron case, it will take years for the full extent of Bush's fraud to become visible.	As in the Enron result , it will take years before the full extent of Bush 's fraud will become apparent .	As in the Enron case , it will take years before the full extent of Bush 's fraud will become apparent .	As in the Enron case , it will take years before the single extent of Bush 's fraud will become apparent .
444	Der IWF scheint so zu argumentieren: ein Land kann sich nicht auf Entwicklungshilfe verlassen, weil Hilfen zu unsicher sind.	The IMF seems to argue: a country cannot rely on development aid because aid is too uncertain.	The IMF seems to argue that a country cannot rely on development aid because aid is too uncertain.	The IMF seems to argue : a defeat can not rely on development aid because aid is too uncertain .	The IMF summarizes to argue : a country can not rely on development aid because aid is too uncertain .	The IMF seems to argue : a country can not rely on development aid because aid is too primary .
448	Seit Jahren haben Ökonomen der Weltbank mit wenig Erfolg den IWF zu überzeugen versucht, diese Logik einzusehen.	For years, World Bank economists have tried with little success to convince the IMF to understand this logic.	For years, the World Bank economists have tried with little success to convince the IMF to understand this logic.	For years , World Bank economists have tried with little opportunity to convince the IMF to understand this logic .	For years , World Bank economists have divided with little success to convince the IMF to understand this logic .	For years , World Bank economists have tried with western success to convince the IMF to understand this logic .
450	Nach der Logik des IWF findet man in den Konten nur Aufwand und Neuverschuldung aber nicht den Wertzuwachs durch das erworbene Gut.	According to the IMF's logic, the accounts only contain expenditure and new debt, but not the added value of the acquired goods.	According to the IMF's logic, the accounts contain only expenditures and new debts, but not the added value of the acquired goods.	According to the IMF 's element , the accounts only contain expenditure and new debt , but not the added value of the acquired goods .	According to the IMF 's logic , the accounts only contain expenditure and new debt , but not the added value of the organized goods .	According to the IMF 's logic , the accounts only contain expenditure and authoritarian debt , but not the added value of the acquired goods .
455	Mundell legte sein Augenmerk nicht auf Finanzkrisen, aber vermutlich ist Arbeitskräftemobilität heute bedeutsamer denn je.	Mundell did not pay attention to financial crises, but labor mobility is probably more important today than ever.	Mundell has not paid attention to financial crises, but labour mobility is probably more important today than ever.	Mundell did not pay front to financial crises , but labor mobility is probably more important today than ever .	Mundell discussed not pay attention to financial crises , but labor mobility is probably more important today than ever .	Mundell did not pay attention to shaggy crises , but labor mobility is probably more important today than ever .
457	Kenen ging es vor allem darum, mit kurzfristigen Transfers zyklische Unebenheiten zu glätten.	Kenen was primarily concerned with smoothing cyclical unevenness with short-term transfers.	Kenen was primarily concerned with smoothing the cyclical unevenness of short-term transfers.	Kenen was primarily concerned with smoothing cyclical issue with short-term transfers .	Kenen was primarily reported with smoothing cyclical unevenness with short-term transfers .	Kenen was primarily concerned with smoothing revolutionary unevenness with short-term transfers .
459	Aber jedes Finanzsystem muss in der Lage sein, Schocks – auch größeren Ausmaßes – zu bewältigen.	But every financial system must be able to cope with shocks – even larger ones.	But every financial system must be able to cope with shocks – even bigger ones.	But every financial agency must be able to cope with shocks – even larger ones .	But every financial system must be able to fear with shocks – even larger ones .	But every white system must be able to cope with shocks – even larger ones .
463	Und eine echte Auswahlmöglichkeit setzt europaweiten Wahlkampf durch alle Parteien voraus.	And a real choice requires a Europe-wide election campaign by all parties.	And a real election requires a Europe-wide campaign of all parties.	And a real time requires a Europe-wide election campaign by all parties .	And a real choice brings a Europe-wide election campaign by all parties .	And a traditional choice requires a Europe-wide election campaign by all parties .
465	In Anbetracht des Ernstes der Wirtschaftskrise ist es für die EU an der Zeit, ihre Stärken zu beweisen, wann immer es möglich ist.	Given the seriousness of the economic crisis, it is time for the EU to prove its strengths whenever possible.	Given the gravity of the economic crisis, it is time for the EU to demonstrate its strengths as far as possible.	Given the panel of the economic crisis , it is time for the EU to prove its strengths whenever possible .	Given the seriousness of the economic crisis , it is time for the EU to describe its strengths whenever possible .	Given the seriousness of the original crisis , it is time for the EU to prove its strengths whenever possible .
468	Die Wirtschaftskrise wurde durch Kurzsichtigkeit und eine fehlende Kontrolle der globalen Finanzsysteme ausgelöst.	The economic crisis was triggered by shortsightedness and a lack of control of the global financial systems.	The economic crisis was triggered by shortsightedness and lack of control of global financial systems.	The economic step was triggered by shortsightedness and a lack of control of the global financial systems .	The economic crisis was secured by shortsightedness and a lack of control of the global financial systems .	The experimental crisis was triggered by shortsightedness and a lack of control of the global financial systems .
469	Wie das alte afrikanische Sprichwort sagt: „Wenn Du ein Mädchen in die Schule schickst, schickst Du das ganze Land in die Schule”.	As the old African proverb says: "When you send a girl to school, you send the whole country to school.	The old African proverb says: "When you send a girl to school, you send the whole country to school.	As the old African time says : `` When you send a girl to school , you send the whole country to school .	As the old African proverb spends : `` When you send a girl to school , you send the whole country to school .	As the private African proverb says : `` When you send a girl to school , you send the whole country to school .
472	Der zweite Aspekt bezieht sich auf die Qualität. Bildung muss effektiv sein, so dass die Kinder tatsächlich etwas lernen.	The second aspect relates to quality. Education must be effective, so that the children actually learn something.	The second aspect concerns quality. Education must be effective so that the children actually learn something.	The second transformation relates to quality . Education must be effective , so that the children actually learn something .	The second aspect stresses to quality . Education must be effective , so that the children actually learn something .	The about aspect relates to quality . Education must be effective , so that the children actually learn something .
473	Für die 61 Millionen Kinder, die nicht in die Grundschule gehen, liegt eine formelle Bildung außerhalb ihrer Reichweite.	For the 61 million children who do not go to primary school, formal education is beyond their reach.	For the 61 million children who do not go to primary school, formal education is unattainable.	For the 61 million children who do not go to primary meat , formal education is beyond their reach .	For the 61 million children who do not try to primary school , formal education is beyond their reach .	For the 61 million children who do not go to private school , formal education is beyond their reach .
474	Das erfordert erhöhte Steuereinnahmen und größere Anstrengungen, das, was gezahlt werden muss, einzutreiben.	This requires increased tax revenues and greater efforts to collect what needs to be paid.	This requires higher tax revenues and greater efforts to collect what is to be paid.	This requires increased treatment revenues and greater efforts to collect what needs to be paid .	This earns increased tax revenues and greater efforts to collect what needs to be paid .	This requires light tax revenues and greater efforts to collect what needs to be paid .
479	Daher glauben viele, dass uns in den Industrieländern ein „neuer Normalpegel“ des langsameren Wachstums bevorsteht.	Therefore, many believe that we are facing a "new normal level" of slower growth in industrialised countries.	Therefore, many believe that we are faced with a "new normal level" of slower growth in developed countries.	Therefore , many believe that we are facing a `` new normal discussion '' of slower growth in industrialised countries .	Therefore , many believe that we are marking a `` new normal level '' of slower growth in industrialised countries .	Therefore , hungry believe that we are facing a `` new normal level '' of slower growth in industrialised countries .
480	Aber es ist eine bedauerliche mathematische Tatsache, dass nicht jeder Marktanteile hinzugewinnen kann.	But it is a regrettable mathematical fact that not every market share can gain.	But it is a regrettable mathematical fact that not everyone can gain market share.	But it is a regrettable mathematical representative that not every market share can gain .	But it is a regrettable mathematical fact that not every market share can carry .	But it is a strong mathematical fact that not every market share can gain .
484	Zuerst müssen die Wirtschaften der Region gestärkt werden, um ein intelligenteres, nachhaltigeres Wachstum anzustoßen.	First, the region's economies need to be strengthened in order to stimulate smarter, more sustainable growth.	Firstly, the economies of the region need to be strengthened in order to promote smarter, more sustainable growth.	First , the control 's economies need to be strengthened in order to stimulate smarter , more sustainable growth .	First , the region 's economies need to be discussed in order to stimulate smarter , more sustainable growth .	First , the region 's economies need to be strengthened in order to stimulate smarter , more special growth .
485	In einigen Ländern, besonders in Belarus, wird die Wirtschaftsleistung von der schweren Industrie hin zu Technologie-Startups verlegt.	In some countries, especially in Belarus, economic performance is shifted from heavy industry to technology startups.	In some countries, especially in Belarus, economic performance shifts from heavy industry to technology startups.	In some countries , especially in Belarus , economic theme is shifted from heavy industry to technology startups .	In some countries , especially in Belarus , economic performance is trapped from heavy industry to technology startups .	In some countries , especially in Belarus , steamed performance is shifted from heavy industry to technology startups .
489	Chancen wie diese helfen dabei, Entwicklungsehrgeiz in konkrete Maßnahmen umzusetzen.	Opportunities such as these help to translate development ambition into concrete measures.	Opportunities such as these help to translate development ambitions into concrete measures.	Opportunities such as these price to translate development ambition into concrete measures .	Opportunities such as these help to disclose development ambition into concrete measures .	Opportunities hungry as these help to translate development ambition into concrete measures .
492	Und um die Ersparnisse, das Saatkorn künftigen Wohlstands, ist es jämmerlich schlecht bestellt.	And for the savings, the seed of future prosperity, it is misplaced.	And for the savings, the seeds of future prosperity, it is out of place.	And for the savings , the world of future prosperity , it is misplaced .	And for the savings , the seed of future prosperity , it is reached .	And for the savings , the seed of powerful prosperity , it is misplaced .
493	Dies ist bedeutsam, denn es erklärt die schädlichen Handelsdefizite, auf die Trump so schimpft.	This is significant, because it explains the harmful trade deficits that Trump so scolds.	That's important because it explains the harmful trade deficits that Trump so scolds.	This is significant , because it explains the harmful promise deficits that Trump so scolds .	This is significant , because it notes the harmful trade deficits that Trump so scolds .	This is military , because it explains the harmful trade deficits that Trump so scolds .
497	Dies käme im Ergebnis praktisch einer Steuererhöhung für die schon jetzt unter Druck stehenden Familien der US-Mittelschicht gleich.	This would result in a virtually tax increase for the already under pressure families of the U.S. middle class.	This would lead to an almost tax increase for the already under pressure families of the U.S. middle class.	This would result in a virtually election increase for the already under pressure families of the U.S. middle class .	This would erase in a virtually tax increase for the already under pressure families of the U.S. middle class .	This would result in a virtually tax increase for the already under pressure families of the U.S. martial class .
498	Das soll nicht heißen, dass man Amerikas Handelspartnern unfaire Praktiken durchgehen lassen sollte.	This is not to say that America's trading partners should be allowed to go through unfair practices.	This does not mean that America's trading partners should be allowed to practise unfair practices.	This is not to say that America 's heart partners should be allowed to go through unfair practices .	This is not to help that America 's trading partners should be allowed to go through unfair practices .	This is not to say that America 's trading partners should be allowed to go through ordinary practices .
500	Doch wie oben betont ist diese ohne einen wundersamen steilen Anstieg der nationalen Ersparnisse höchst zweifelhaft.	But, as pointed out above, this is highly doubtful without a miraculous steep rise in national savings.	But, as already mentioned, this is highly doubtful, without a miraculous steep rise in national savings.	But , as pointed out above , this is highly doubtful without a miraculous steep uranium in national savings .	But , as engaged out above , this is highly doubtful without a miraculous steep rise in national savings .	But , as pointed out above , this is highly magnificent without a miraculous steep rise in national savings .
502	Und natürlich ist da das Worst-Case-Szenario eines eskalierenden globalen Handelskrieges.	And of course there is the worst-case scenario of an escalating global trade war.	And of course, there is the worst scenario of an escalating global trade war.	And of set there is the worst-case scenario of an escalating global trade war .	And of course there is the worst-case scenario of an leading global trade war .	And of course there is the social scenario of an escalating global trade war .
504	Mit einer Wirtschaftspolitik à la Trump dürfte es ausnehmend schwierig werden, Amerika „wieder groß zu machen“.	With an economic policy à la Trump, it is likely to be extremely difficult to "make America big again."	With an economic policy à la Trump, it is probably extremely difficult to make America big again.	With an economic food à la Trump , it is likely to be extremely difficult to `` make America big again . ''	With an economic policy à la Trump , it is likely to be extremely difficult to `` promote America big again . ''	With an relevant policy à la Trump , it is likely to be extremely difficult to `` make America big again . ''
508	Alles deutet darauf hin, dass es wohl kein globales Klimaschutzabkommen geben wird.	Everything indicates that there will probably be no global climate agreement.	Everything suggests that there will probably be no global climate agreement.	Everything indicates that there will probably be no global lead agreement .	Everything unfolds that there will probably be no global climate agreement .	Everything indicates that there will probably be no successful climate agreement .
509	Die Ansichten der Teilnehmerländer und der verschiedenen Machtblöcke aus Industrie und Politik gehen einfach zu weit auseinander.	The views of the participating countries and the various power blocs of industry and politics simply go too far apart.	The views of the participating countries and the various power blocks of industry and politics simply go too far apart.	The views of the participating countries and the various climax blocs of industry and politics simply go too far apart .	The views of the inheriting countries and the various power blocs of industry and politics simply go too far apart .	The views of the participating countries and the fruitful power blocs of industry and politics simply go too far apart .
514	Das ist eine Mission für die gesamte Menschheit, und patriotische Gefühle sowie Denken im Sinne von Machtblöcken dürfen keinen Platz haben.	This is a mission for all humanity, and patriotic feelings and thinking in the sense of power blocs must have no place.	This is a mission for all humanity, and patriotic feelings and thoughts in the sense of power blocs must have no place.	This is a behalf for all humanity , and patriotic feelings and thinking in the sense of power blocs must have no place .	This is a mission for all humanity , and patriotic feelings and getting in the sense of power blocs must have no place .	This is a mission for all humanity , and strong feelings and thinking in the sense of power blocs must have no place .
515	Um das Ziel einer nachhaltigen globalen Gesellschaft mit niedrigem CO2-Ausstoß zu erreichen, bedarf es gewaltiger Anstrengungen.	In order to achieve the goal of a sustainable global society with low CO2 emissions, huge efforts are needed.	Enormous efforts are needed to achieve the goal of a sustainable global society with low CO2 emissions.	In result to achieve the goal of a sustainable global society with low CO2 emissions , huge efforts are needed .	In order to conduct the goal of a sustainable global society with low CO2 emissions , huge efforts are needed .	In order to achieve the goal of a disabled global society with low CO2 emissions , huge efforts are needed .
528	Manchmal schränkt Science-Fiction unseren Sinn für das, was möglich ist, eher ein, als dass sie ihn erweitern würde.	Sometimes science fiction limits our sense of what's possible rather than extending it.	Sometimes science fiction limits our sense of what's possible, instead of expanding it.	Sometimes science inspection limits our sense of what 's possible rather than extending it .	Sometimes science fiction revolves our sense of what 's possible rather than extending it .	Sometimes post fiction limits our sense of what 's possible rather than extending it .
529	Der Versuch Moral durch brutalen Zwang zu fördern, würde das Gegenteil des Gewünschten oder Schlimmeres bewirken.	The attempt to promote morality through brutal coercion would produce the opposite of what is desired or worse.	Trying to promote morality through brutal coercion would do the opposite of what is desired or worse.	The topic to promote morality through brutal coercion would produce the opposite of what is desired or worse .	The attempt to conduct morality through brutal coercion would produce the opposite of what is desired or worse .	The attempt to promote morality through alert coercion would produce the opposite of what is desired or worse .
538	Was ist wenn einige Reisende eine höhere Risikotoleranz besitzen oder einfach dringender an einen anderen Ort müssen als andere?	What if some travelers have a higher risk tolerance or simply need to go to a different place than others?	What if some travelers have a higher risk tolerance or simply have to go to a different place than others?	What if some travelers have a higher market tolerance or simply need to go to a different place than others ?	What if some travelers have a higher risk tolerance or simply continue to go to a different place than others ?	What if some travelers have a higher risk tolerance or simply need to go to a new place than others ?
540	Im Geiste Schmitts haben Putins Männer eine liberale Partei, die Union Rechter Kräfte, zu ihrem Urfeind bestimmt.	In Schmitt's spirit, Putin's men have appointed a liberal party, the Union of Right Forces, as their prime enemy.	In Schmitt's spirit, Putin's men have appointed a liberal party, the Union of Right Forces, as their main enemy.	In Schmitt 's food , Putin 's men have appointed a liberal party , the Union of Right Forces , as their prime enemy .	In Schmitt 's spirit , Putin 's men have abolished a liberal party , the Union of Right Forces , as their prime enemy .	In Schmitt 's spirit , Putin 's men have appointed a medical party , the Union of Right Forces , as their prime enemy .
544	Dass dies den normalen Russen passiert, war klar; Tscherkessow offenbarte, dass auch der Kreis um Putin von dieser Situation betroffen ist.	It was clear that this would happen to ordinary Russians; Cherkesov revealed that Putin's circle is also affected by this situation.	It was clear that this would happen to ordinary Russians; Cherkesov revealed that Putin's circle was also affected by this situation.	It was clear that this would happen to ordinary Russians ; Cherkesov revealed that Putin 's moment is also affected by this situation .	It was clear that this would exceed to ordinary Russians ; Cherkesov revealed that Putin 's circle is also affected by this situation .	It was long that this would happen to ordinary Russians ; Cherkesov revealed that Putin 's circle is also affected by this situation .
546	Diese Partei wird unter persönlicher Führung zentralisiert sein und den Staat auf das Maß einer rechtlichen Fiktion reduzieren.	This party will be centralized under personal leadership and reduce the state to the level of legal fiction.	This party is centralized under personal leadership and the state is reduced to the level of legal fiction.	This year will be centralized under personal leadership and reduce the state to the level of legal fiction .	This party will be paid under personal leadership and reduce the state to the level of legal fiction .	This party will be centralized under comprehensive leadership and reduce the state to the level of legal fiction .
548	Geeinigt durch das Charisma ihres Führers und die Parteidisziplin, werden die Parteimitglieder das verheerte Land lenken und einigen.	United by the charism of their leader and the party discipline, the party members will direct and agree on the devastated country.	United by the charism of their leader and the party discipline, the party members will lead and agree on the devastated country.	United by the headquarters of their leader and the party discipline , the party members will direct and agree on the devastated country .	United by the charism of their leader and the party discipline , the party members will enrich and agree on the devastated country .	United by the charism of their leader and the party discipline , the party members will direct and agree on the disable country .
550	Sie bezichtigt Krieger, sie seien Händler, und Händler, sie seien Diebe, und meidet zugleich ihre marxistischen Ursprünge.	She accuses warriors of being merchants, merchants of being thieves, and at the same time avoids their Marxist origins.	She accuses warriors of being merchants, merchants, thieves, and at the same time avoids their Marxist origins.	She accuses warriors of being merchants , merchants of being thieves , and at the same disposal avoids their Marxist origins .	She aims warriors of being merchants , merchants of being thieves , and at the same time avoids their Marxist origins .	She accuses warriors of being merchants , merchants of being thieves , and at the fierce time avoids their Marxist origins .
553	Die offizielle westliche Doktrin lautet nach wie vor „Land für Frieden“.	The official Western doctrine continues to be "Land for Peace."	The official Western doctrine remains "land for peace".	The official Western essay continues to be `` Land for Peace . ''	The official Western doctrine stresses to be `` Land for Peace . ''	The molecular Western doctrine continues to be `` Land for Peace . ''
555	Die offizielle westliche Doktrin lautet, dass Israels langfristige Sicherheit von dem Erfolg des „Friedensprozesses“ abhängt.	The official Western doctrine is that Israel's long-term security depends on the success of the "peace process."	The official Western doctrine is that Israel's long-term security depends on the success of the "peace process".	The official Western anniversary is that Israel 's long-term security depends on the success of the `` peace process . ''	The official Western doctrine is that Israel 's long-term security proposes on the success of the `` peace process . ''	The normal Western doctrine is that Israel 's long-term security depends on the success of the `` peace process . ''
558	Es war nie genug Land vorhanden, um die leidenschaftliche Besitzgier all derer zu befriedigen, die Ansprüche erhoben.	There was never enough land available to satisfy the passionate possessions of all those who claimed.	There was never enough land available to satisfy the passionate possessions of all who claimed.	There was never enough emergency available to satisfy the passionate possessions of all those who claimed .	There was never enough land available to randomly the passionate possessions of all those who claimed .	There was never enough land secondary to satisfy the passionate possessions of all those who claimed .
560	Außerdem ergab das Konzept Land für Frieden in wirtschaftlicher Hinsicht überhaupt nie einen Sinn.	Moreover, the concept of land for peace never made any sense in economic terms.	Moreover, the term land for peace never made any sense in economic terms.	Moreover , the step of land for peace never made any sense in economic terms .	Moreover , the concept of land for peace never expanded any sense in economic terms .	Moreover , the concept of land for peace never made any sense in young terms .
561	Serbien allerdings behauptet, die Provinz sei ein unverzichtbarer Bestandteil seiner historischen und kulturellen Tradition.	Serbia, however, claims that the province is an indispensable part of its historical and cultural tradition.	Serbia claims, however, that the province is an indispensable part of its historical and cultural tradition.	Serbia , however , claims that the attacking is an indispensable part of its historical and cultural tradition .	Serbia , however , aims that the province is an indispensable part of its historical and cultural tradition .	Serbia , however , claims that the province is an experimental part of its historical and cultural tradition .
562	Serbien will dem Kosovo lediglich „größere Autonomie“ zugestehen sowie Befugnisse, internationale Abkommen zu schließen.	Serbia only wants to "grant greater autonomy" to Kosovo and to have powers to conclude international agreements.	Serbia only wants to "give more autonomy" to Kosovo and have powers to conclude international agreements.	Serbia only wants to `` grant greater violation '' to Kosovo and to have powers to conclude international agreements .	Serbia only reinforces to `` grant greater autonomy '' to Kosovo and to have powers to conclude international agreements .	Serbia only wants to `` grant greater autonomy '' to Kosovo and to have powers to conclude evaluation agreements .
565	Durch diesen Beitrag zur Stabilisierung einer höchst labilen Region würde auch die EU profitieren.	This contribution to stabilising a highly unstable region would also benefit the EU.	This contribution to stabilising an unstable region would also benefit the EU.	This ownership to stabilising a highly unstable region would also benefit the EU .	This contribution to violating a highly unstable region would also benefit the EU .	This contribution to stabilising a highly economic region would also benefit the EU .
571	Margaret Thatcher arbeitete mit Jacques Delors an der Zustimmung zum Binnenmarkt im Jahr 1986.	Margaret Thatcher worked with Jacques Delors on the approval of the single market in 1986.	Margaret Thatcher worked with Jacques Delors in 1986 on the approval of the single market.	Margaret Thatcher worked with Jacques Delors on the end of the single market in 1986 .	Margaret Thatcher stabilized with Jacques Delors on the approval of the single market in 1986 .	Margaret Thatcher worked with Jacques Delors on the approval of the specialized market in 1986 .
576	Ein Binnenmarkt erfordert jedoch keine einheitliche Sozial- oder Industriepolitik, weniger noch eine gemeinsame Steuerpolitik.	However, a single market does not require a single social or industrial policy, less a common tax policy.	However, a single market does not require a single social or industrial policy, rather a common tax policy.	However , a single year does not require a single social or industrial policy , less a common tax policy .	However , a single market moves not require a single social or industrial policy , less a common tax policy .	However , a aggressive market does not require a single social or industrial policy , less a common tax policy .
577	Es fördert die Wettbewerbsfähigkeit, den Ländern die Möglichkeit zu geben, in diesen Bereichen ihre eigene Politik zu verfolgen.	It encourages competitiveness to give countries the opportunity to pursue their own policies in these areas.	It promotes competitiveness in order to enable countries to pursue their own policies in these areas.	It encourages publicity to give countries the opportunity to pursue their own policies in these areas .	It explains competitiveness to give countries the opportunity to pursue their own policies in these areas .	It encourages competitiveness to give countries the opportunity to pursue their vital policies in these areas .
581	Auf diese Art und Weise können wir uns aus dem institutionalisierten Tauziehen befreien, das charakteristisch für die EU-Beziehungen war.	In this way we can free ourselves from the institutionalised tug of war that was characteristic of EU relations.	In this way we can free ourselves from the institutionalised tug of war characteristic of the EU's relations.	In this action we can free ourselves from the institutionalised tug of war that was characteristic of EU relations .	In this way we can rot ourselves from the institutionalised tug of war that was characteristic of EU relations .	In this way we can free ourselves from the different tug of war that was characteristic of EU relations .
595	Die Bush-Administration verschwor sich, die Amerikaner und andere in einen illegalen Krieg zu ziehen und nutzte dafür gefälschte Beweise.	The Bush administration conspired to drag the Americans and others into an illegal war and used forged evidence.	The Bush administration conspired to drag the Americans and others into an illegal war and used fake evidence.	The Bush election conspired to drag the Americans and others into an illegal war and used forged evidence .	The Bush administration insisted to drag the Americans and others into an illegal war and used forged evidence .	The Bush administration conspired to drag the Americans and others into an social war and used forged evidence .
596	Der New Yorker hat die Story dann sehr viel später ohne Angabe der Originalquelle bestätigt.	The New Yorker confirmed the story much later without stating the original source.	The New Yorker confirmed the story much later without indicating the original source.	The New Yorker confirmed the latter much later without stating the original source .	The New Yorker paid the story much later without stating the original source .	The New Yorker confirmed the story much later without stating the light source .
597	In einer Zeit, in der offiziellen Stellen nicht zu trauen ist, sollte eine gesunde investigative Energie erhellen und nicht nur aufheizen.	At a time when official bodies are not to be trusted, a healthy investigative energy should light up and not just heat up.	At a time when official bodies are not to be trusted, a healthy investigation energy should light up and not just warm up.	At a way when official bodies are not to be trusted , a healthy investigative energy should light up and not just heat up .	At a time when official bodies are not to be seen , a healthy investigative energy should light up and not just heat up .	At a time when defensive bodies are not to be trusted , a healthy investigative energy should light up and not just heat up .
601	Natürlich sind Verfassungen nicht dazu da, einen untragbar gewordenen Zustand zu konservieren.	Of course, constitutions are not there to preserve an unsustainable state.	Of course, constitutions are not there to maintain an unsustainable state.	Of transformation , constitutions are not there to preserve an unsustainable state .	Of course , constitutions are not there to coordinate an unsustainable state .	Of course , constitutions are not there to preserve an central state .
603	Um ein für die Ukraine bestens geeignetes System zu ändern, bedarf es also eines guten Grundes.	In order to change a system that is best suited to Ukraine, a good reason is therefore needed.	In order to change a system that is most suitable for Ukraine, a good reason is therefore needed.	In supervision to change a system that is best suited to Ukraine , a good reason is therefore needed .	In order to replay a system that is best suited to Ukraine , a good reason is therefore needed .	In order to change a system that is best suited to Ukraine , a legislative reason is therefore needed .
606	Kutschma weiß daher, dass er sich nicht wie Jelzin einen handverlesenen Nachfolger aussuchen kann.	Kuchma therefore knows that he cannot choose a hand-picked successor like Yeltsin.	Kuchma therefore knows that he cannot choose a hand-picked successor such as Yeltsin.	Kuchma opponent knows that he can not choose a hand-picked successor like Yeltsin .	Kuchma therefore increases that he can not choose a hand-picked successor like Yeltsin .	Kuchma therefore knows that he can not choose a embryonic successor like Yeltsin .
610	Der unberechenbare Kutschma verdient solche Sicherheitsmaßnahmen zur Überwachung seines Wohlverhaltens noch viel mehr.	The unpredictable Kutschma deserves such security measures to monitor its conduct.	The unpredictable Kutschma deserves such security measures to monitor its behavior.	The unpredictable Kutschma deserves such reporter measures to monitor its conduct .	The unpredictable Kutschma deserves such security measures to change its conduct .	The white Kutschma deserves such security measures to monitor its conduct .
619	Zudem verringert niedriges Wachstum die Steuereinnahmen, was das lauthals verkündete Ziel der Haushaltskonsolidierung untergräbt.	In addition, low growth reduces tax revenues, undermining the loudly proclaimed goal of fiscal consolidation.	In addition, low growth reduces tax revenues and undermines the loudly proclaimed goal of fiscal consolidation.	In moment , low growth reduces tax revenues , undermining the loudly proclaimed goal of fiscal consolidation .	In addition , low growth reduces tax revenues , digging the loudly proclaimed goal of fiscal consolidation .	In addition , local growth reduces tax revenues , undermining the loudly proclaimed goal of fiscal consolidation .
622	Doch dachten wenige, dass z. B. das arktische Eis so schnell schmelzen würde, wie es nun der Fall zu sein scheint.	But few thought that, for example, Arctic ice would melt as quickly as it seems to be.	But few thought that Arctic ice, for example, would melt as quickly as it seems.	But few line that , for example , Arctic ice would melt as quickly as it seems to be .	But few thought that , for example , Arctic ice would challenge as quickly as it seems to be .	But sacrificial thought that , for example , Arctic ice would melt as quickly as it seems to be .
624	Wie in Sterns Bericht dargelegt wird, sind die Armen wie immer am wehrlosesten.	As Stern's report explains, the poor are, as always, the most defenceless.	As Stern's report explains, the poor are, as always, the most defenseless.	As Stern 's market explains , the poor are , as always , the most defenceless .	As Stern 's report kindergartens , the poor are , as always , the most defenceless .	As Stern 's report explains , the special are , as always , the most defenceless .
625	Die Malediven und etliche pazifische Inselstaaten werden verschwinden: unser Atlantis des einundzwanzigsten Jahrhunderts.	The Maldives and several Pacific island states will disappear: our Atlantis of the twenty-first century.	The Maldives and several Pacific island states will disappear: our Atlantis of the 21st century.	The Maldives and several Pacific violation states will disappear : our Atlantis of the twenty-first century .	The Maldives and several Pacific island states will upgrade : our Atlantis of the twenty-first century .	The Maldives and economic Pacific island states will disappear : our Atlantis of the twenty-first century .
627	Es ist wesentlich sinnvoller, Schlechtes zu besteuern, z. B. Umweltverschmutzung, als Gutes, wie Ersparnisse und Arbeit.	It makes much more sense to tax bad things, such as pollution, than good things, such as savings and work.	It makes much more sense to tax bad things like pollution than good things like savings and work.	It makes much more website to tax bad things , such as pollution , than good things , such as savings and work .	It tends much more sense to tax bad things , such as pollution , than good things , such as savings and work .	It makes much more sense to tax translational things , such as pollution , than good things , such as savings and work .
633	Diese Länder zu nachhaltigem Wachstum zurückzuführen, kann nicht durch weitere solche Ausgaben erreicht werden.	These countries can not be achieved through further such expenditures due to sustainable growth.	These countries cannot be achieved through further such spending because of sustainable growth.	These countries can not be achieved through further such expenditures due to sustainable theme .	These countries can not be positioned through further such expenditures due to sustainable growth .	These countries can not be achieved through remarkable such expenditures due to sustainable growth .
635	Aber mit der Abschwächung des Wachstums bedeutete dies eine Expansion der staatlichen Ausgaben bei gleichzeitig schrumpfenden Ressourcen.	But with the weakening of growth, this meant an expansion of government spending while at the same time shrinking resources.	But with the weakening of growth, this meant an increase in government spending, while at the same time resources were shrinking.	But with the language of growth , this meant an expansion of government spending while at the same time shrinking resources .	But with the weakening of growth , this set an expansion of government spending while at the same time shrinking resources .	But with the weakening of growth , this meant an expansion of government spending while at the tremendous time shrinking resources .
636	Die daraus entstehende hohe Inflation rief großen Unmut hervor, besonders deshalb, weil das Wachstum schwach blieb.	The resulting high inflation caused great displeasure, especially because growth remained weak.	The resulting high inflation caused great dissatisfaction, especially because growth remained weak.	The resulting high structure caused great displeasure , especially because growth remained weak .	The building high inflation caused great displeasure , especially because growth remained weak .	The resulting vast inflation caused great displeasure , especially because growth remained weak .
