1	In Paris, in October 1560, he secretly met the English ambassador, Nicolas Throckmorton, asking him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.	In October 1560 he secretly met the English ambassador Nicolas Throckmorton in Paris and asked him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.	In Paris, in October 1560, she secretly met the English ambassador, Nicolas Throckmorton, asking him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.
6	William Henry Henry Harman was born on 17 February 1828 in Waynesboro, Virginia, where his parents were Lewis and Sally (Garber) Harman.	William Henry Henry Harman was born on February 17, 1828 in Waynesboro, Virginia, where his parents Lewis and Sally (Garber) Harman were.	William Henry Henry Harman was born on 17 February 1828 in Waynesboro, Virginia, where her parents were Lewis and Sally (Garber) Harman.
20	The friendship between him and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951 when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and Duncan reported that Greaves said:	The friendship between him and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951 when they disagreed at an annual meeting and Duncan reported that Greaves said:	The friendship between her and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951 when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and Duncan reported that Greaves said:
40	Here we view pseudo-differential operators as a generalization of differential operators.	Here we see pseudo-differential operators as a generalization of differential operators.	Here they view pseudo-differential operators as a generalization of differential operators.
60	In 1991 he left Italy to work in the palliative care of cancer patients in Germany as well as in various countries of the Third World.	In 1991 he left Italy to work in Germany and in various countries of the Third World in the palliative care of cancer patients.	In 1991 she left Italy to work in the palliative care of cancer patients in Germany as well as in various countries of the Third World.
71	Although five issues of the series were printed, the project was finished without any of them being aborted.	Although five editions of the series were printed, the project was completed without any of them being canceled.	Although five issues of the series were printed, the project was finished without any of us being aborted.
79	A boy who survived the attack said that Oliveira selectively shot to kill girls while shooting boys only to immobilize them.	A boy who survived the attack said that Oliveira shot selectively at girls while shooting at boys just to immobilize them.	A boy who survived the attack said that Oliveira selectively shot to kill girls while shooting boys only to immobilize us.
89	He was asked for his opinion about the books Mission to Moscow by Joseph E. Davies and One World by Wendell Willkie.	He was asked by Joseph E. Davies and One World of Wendell Willkie for his opinion on the books Mission to Moscow.	He was asked for her opinion about the books Mission to Moscow by Joseph E. Davies and One World by Wendell Willkie.
96	After his dismissal, he moved from Germany to New Mexico and then to Los Angeles, then to San Francisco.	After his release, he moved from Germany to New Mexico and then to Los Angeles, then to San Francisco.	After her dismissal, he moved from Germany to New Mexico and then to Los Angeles, then to San Francisco.
97	The bones of Zrinski and Frankopan were found in Austria in 1907 and brought to Zagreb in 1919, where they were reburied in the Zagreb Cathedral.	The bones of Zrinski and Frankopan were found in Austria in 1907 and brought to Zagreb in 1919, where they were buried in Zagreb Cathedral.	The bones of Zrinski and Frankopan were found in Austria in 1907 and brought to Zagreb in 1919, where we were reburied in the Zagreb Cathedral.
102	The Crump family had a home in Bristol, while Phil was walking in the British League, which he began with the Crewe Kings in 1971.	The Crump family had a home in Bristol while Phil went to the British League, which he began with the Crewe Kings in 1971.	the Crump family had a home in Bristol, while Phil was walking in the British League, which she began with the Crewe Kings in 1971.
113	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese scholars in the Soviet Union and used by Chinese and Russian immigrants there until most of them left the country.	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese scholars in the Soviet Union and used there by Chinese and Russian immigrants until most of them left the country.	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese scholars in the Soviet Union and used by Chinese and Russian immigrants there until most of us left the country.
114	In 1862, Jane died and in 1864 Breck married Sarah Stiles, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California, to build two more institutions.	In 1862 Jane died and in 1864 Breck married Sarah Stiles, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California to build two other institutions.	In 1862, Jane died and in 1864 Breck married Sarah Stiles, and three years later she moved to Benicia, California, to build two more institutions.
115	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence as Le Homme; Karl Paquette was his strong, melancholy double; and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme.	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence as Le Homme; Karl Paquette was his strong, melancholic double; and Mathieu Ganio represented La Femme.	Laetitia Pujol was a shadowy presence as Le Homme; Karl Paquette was her strong, melancholy double; and Mathieu Ganio portrayed La Femme.
117	Chris Egan (Nick Smith) settles down with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises.	Chris Egan (Nick Smith) settles in Summer Bay with his family, and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises.	Chris Egan (Nick Smith) settles down with her family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises.
120	Kathryn Lindskoog, an independent Lewis scholar, argued that Hooper's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis.	Kathryn Lindskoog, an independent Lewis researcher, argued that Hooper's scholarship was not reliable and that he made false statements and attributed fake works to Lewis.	Kathryn Lindskoog, an independent Lewis scholar, argued that Hooper's scholarship is not reliable and that she has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis.
124	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire, where he was a pupil of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood.	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire, where he was a student of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood.	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire, where she was a pupil of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood.
125	He graduated from the Galatasaray High School in Shumen in 1858 and became a teacher in Istanbul, where he remained until 1864.	In 1858, he graduated from Galatasaray High School in Shumen and became a teacher in Istanbul, where he remained until 1864.	He graduated from the Galatasaray High School in Shumen in 1858 and became a teacher in Istanbul, where she remained until 1864.
129	Earlier in 209, Sun Quan Sun married Quan’ s younger sister, Lady Sun, to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei.	Previously, Sun Quan Sun married her younger sister, Lady Sun, to strengthen the alliance between him and Liu Bei.	Earlier in 209, Sun Quan Sun married Quan’ s younger sister, Lady Sun, to strengthen the alliance between her and Liu Bei.
141	Owen believed his utopian community would create a social environment based on his ideals of superior social, intellectual and physical reform.	Owen believed that his utopian community would create a social environment based on his ideals of superior social, intellectual and physical reforms.	Owen believed her utopian community would create a social environment based on her ideals of superior social, intellectual and physical reform.
142	Upon the death of Louis XIV in 1661, Cardinal Mazarin, who had nominally been king since 1643, began to rule France in his own right.	After the death of Louis XIV in 1661 Cardinal Mazarin, who had been nominally king since 1643, began to rule France in his own right.	Upon the death of Louis XIV in 1661, Cardinal Mazarin, who had nominally been king since 1643, began to rule France in her own right.
168	He became third in 1958 and 1967 at his table, but in 1962 he won the 1st place.	He was third in 1958 and 1967 at his table, but in 1962 he won first place.	He became third in 1958 and 1967 at her table, but in 1962 he won the 1st place.
175	Abdul Rahman said Raouf will only survive if he goes into exile.	Abdul Rahman said that Raouf will only survive if he goes into exile.	Abdul Rahman said Raouf will only survive if she goes into exile.
192	He won the first Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the second Prix de Rome in 1814 for his painting of the Death of Diagoras.	In 1813 he won the first Prix de Rome for painting and in 1814 the second Prix de Rome for his painting of the death of Diagoras.	He won the first Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the second Prix de Rome in 1814 for her painting of the Death of Diagoras.
218	Malhar Joshi should not be confused with the author Waman Gopal Joshi, they were contemporaries.	Malhar Joshi was not to be confused with the author Waman Gopal Joshi, they were contemporaries.	Malhar Joshi should not be confused with the author Waman Gopal Joshi, we were contemporaries.
267	It was climbed freely and named after Bill House when he first climbed it in 1938.	It was freely climbed and named after Bill House when he first climbed it in 1938.	It was climbed freely and named after Bill House when she first climbed it in 1938.
278	Then Scott and Short traveled overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land that they would investigate later.	Then Scott and Short traveled across land to the Kentucky River to claim the land they would later investigate.	Then Scott and Short traveled overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land that we would investigate later.
303	Most of the municipalities are located on the islands in the Sulu Archipelago. Two of them, Mapun, and Turtle Islands lie within the Sulu Sea.	Most of the municipalities are located on the islands in the Sulu Archipelago. Two of them, Mapun and Turtle Islands, are located in the Sulu Sea.	Most of the municipalities are located on the islands in the Sulu Archipelago. Two of us, Mapun, and Turtle Islands lie within the Sulu Sea.
305	He later joined the 25th Regiment of Foot, 8th Husaren, and ended his military career with the rank of a major in the 11th husaren in 1865.	Later he joined the 25th regiment of Foot, 8th Hussars, and ended his military career with the rank of Major in the 11th Hussars in 1865.	He later joined the 25th Regiment of Foot, 8th Husaren, and ended her military career with the rank of a major in the 11th husaren in 1865.
318	Lukaszuk has two daughters, one with his previous wife, news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his current wife.	Lukaszuk has two daughters, one with his former wife, news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his current wife.	Lukaszuk has two daughters, one with her previous wife, news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with her current wife.
336	He married them and rejected his current wife for money, so he could rebuild the family business.	He married her and refused his current wife for money so that he could rebuild the family business.	He married us and rejected his current wife for money, so he could rebuild the family business.
348	He rejected them and married his current wife for money so that he could rebuild the family business.	He rejected her and married his current wife for money so that he could rebuild the family business.	He rejected us and married his current wife for money so that he could rebuild the family business.
358	However, in 1805 he left Sheffield to study theology at Manchester College in York.	In 1805 he left Sheffield to study theology at Manchester College in York.	However, in 1805 she left sheffield to study theology at Manchester College in York.
402	He was sentenced on April 28, 1794, when he was guillotined at the same time as his elder brother.	He was sentenced on 28 April 1794 when he was at the same time with his older brother Guillotined.	He was sentenced on April 28, 1794, when she was guillotined at the same time as his elder brother.
404	Nick Smith (Chris Egan) settles with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises.	Nick Smith (Chris Egan) goes to Summer Bay with his family, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into different crises.	Nick Smith (Chris Egan) settles with her family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises.
414	In March they returned to Jason Sanderson's studio to record their first material with latest member Reid.	In March, they returned to Jason Sanderson's studio to record their first material with the latest member Reid.	In March we returned to Jason Sanderson's studio to record their first material with latest member Reid.
415	This work led him to trigger important reflections on the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical.	This work led him to important reflections on the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical.	This work led her to trigger important reflections on the practices of molecular genetics and genomics at a time when this was not considered ethical.
422	In 1406 he had added the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides, rebound and a table of contents and Minuskel scholia in Byzantine Greek extensively restored.	In 1406 he had largely restored the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides, Rebound and a table of contents and minuscule scholia in Byzantine Greek.	In 1406 she had added the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides, rebound and a table of contents and Minuskel scholia in Byzantine Greek extensively restored.
446	The remaining two cars were delivered by the Estonian defence league and they were ordered in 1927.	The remaining two vehicles were delivered by the Estonian Defence League and ordered in 1927.	The remaining two cars were delivered by the Estonian defence league and we were ordered in 1927.
452	Younessi has a child, a son named Dariyan Rodin Younessi, who started his racing career at Karting at the age of four.	Younessi has a child, a son named Daryan Rodin Younessi, who began his racing career at Karting at the age of four.	Younessi has a child, a son named Dariyan Rodin Younessi, who started her racing career at Karting at the age of four.
453	The friend of Dantès, Fernand Mondego (Sidney Blackmer), accompanies him to the jail.	The friend of Dantès, Fernand Mondego (Sidney Blackmer), accompanies him to prison.	The friend of Dantès, Fernand Mondego (Sidney Blackmer), accompanies her to the jail.
460	He visits Fred and makes him his new partner, then goes to the Cratchit house where he rehires Bob and increases his wages.	He visits Fred and makes him his new partner, then he goes to the Cratchit house, where he surrounds Bob and raises his salary.	He visits Fred and makes her his new partner, then goes to the Cratchit house where he rehires Bob and increases his wages.
463	She was heavily attracted to him and tried to seduce him into a sexual relationship, but Hanuvant Singh was religious in thought and did not go to incest.	She was very attracted to him and tried to seduce him into a sexual relationship, but Hanuvant Singh was religious in thinking and did not go to incest.	She was heavily attracted to her and tried to seduce her into a sexual relationship, but Hanuvant Singh was religious in thought and did not go to incest.
474	He was elected President of the Assam Football Association and the Assam Sports Council for several terms, and he was also Vice-President of the Assam Cricket Association.	He became President of the Assam Football Association and the Assam Sports Council for several terms, and was also Vice President of the Assam Cricket Association.	He was elected President of the Assam Football Association and the Assam Sports Council for several terms, and she was also Vice-President of the Assam Cricket Association.
482	Younessi has a child, a son named Dariyan Rodin Younessi, who started his racing career at Karting at the age of four.	Younessi has a child, a son named Daryan Rodin Younessi, who began his racing career at Karting at the age of four.	Younessi has a child, a son named Dariyan Rodin Younessi, who started her racing career at Karting at the age of four.
494	During the five days of the journey he brought with him some books about Elba, which he studied from Fontainebleau.	During the five days of the trip he brought with him some books about Elba, which he studied from Fontainebleau.	During the five days of the journey she brought with him some books about Elba, which she studied from Fontainebleau.
503	Deaton was born in Clayton, Oklahoma, and his family lived for two years in a tent on the plain of New Mexico.	Deaton was born in Clayton, Oklahoma, and his family lived in a tent in the plain of New Mexico for two years.	Deaton was born in Clayton, Oklahoma, and her family lived for two years in a tent on the plain of New Mexico.
525	Impressive essays by Dawkins..., Marilynne Robinson and H. Allen Orr, set out to tell Terry Eagleton how false he is.	Impressive essays by Dawkins, Marilynne Robinson and H. Allen Orr wanted to tell Terry Eagleton how wrong he is.	Impressive essays by Dawkins..., Marilynne Robinson and H. Allen Orr, set out to tell Terry Eagleton how false she is.
528	This allowed Capcom to translate the basic expressions from Lee and use them Wayne in game.	This enabled Capcom to translate the basic expressions of Lee and use them to Wayne in the game.	This allowed Capcom to translate the basic expressions from Lee and use us Wayne in game.
533	In this way, it was possible to combine literally dozens of separate tracks and record them into finished recordings of great complexity.	In this way, it was possible to literally combine dozens of separate tracks and record them in finished recordings of great complexity.	In this way, it was possible to combine literally dozens of separate tracks and record us into finished recordings of great complexity.
535	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine Mind, and manifest Spirit, not a material body.	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine spirit and reveal the spirit, not a material body.	The conclusions are that they are all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine Mind, and manifest Spirit, not a material body.
550	In 2009, he joined San Diego Sockers of the Professional Arena Soccer League.	In 2009, he joined San Diego Sockers in the Professional Arena Soccer League.	In 2009, she joined San Diego Sockers of the Professional Arena Soccer League.
557	Dean Mero died in 2014 and the Company is now headed-up by his son, Barry Mero.	Dean Mero died in 2014 and the company is now run by his son Barry Mero.	Dean Mero died in 2014 and the Company is now headed-up by her son, Barry Mero.
577	His son, Ii Naomasa, was adopted by Naotora and, under Tokugawa Ieyasu, became a dreaded general, who is considered one of his four guardians.	His son Ii Naomasa was adopted by Naotora and became a feared general under Tokugawa Ieyasu, who is considered one of his four guardians.	His son, Ii Naomasa, was adopted by Naotora and, under Tokugawa Ieyasu, became a dreaded general, who is considered one of her four guardians.
593	Lukaszuk has two daughters, one with his current wife, news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his previous wife.	Lukaszuk has two daughters, one with his current wife, news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his former wife.	Lukaszuk has two daughters, one with her current wife, news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with her previous wife.
623	They trained in Dnipropetrovsk in very poor conditions until they were able to move to Kiev in 2003; Volosozhar was accompanied by her mother.	They trained in Dnipropetrovsk under very bad conditions until they were able to move to Kiev in 2003; Voloszhar was accompanied by her mother.	They trained in Dnipropetrovsk in very poor conditions until we were able to move to Kiev in 2003; Volosozhar was accompanied by her mother.
659	Alice Comyn, his niece and heiress, married Henry Beaumont, a French nobleman in the English service.	Alice Comyn, his niece and heiress, married Henry Beaumont, a French nobleman in English service.	Alice Comyn, her niece and heiress, married Henry Beaumont, a French nobleman in the English service.
695	After his move to Wawel, style antico became the main language of the musical statement of Pękiel.	After his move to Wawel, Stil Antico became the main language of Pękiel's musical statement.	After her move to Wawel, style antico became the main language of the musical statement of Pękiel.
697	He won the second Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and in 1814 the first Prix de Rome for his painting of the death of the Diagora.	In 1813 he won the second Prix de Rome for painting and in 1814 the first Prix de Rome for his painting on the death of the Diagora.	He won the second Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and in 1814 the first Prix de Rome for her painting of the death of the Diagora.
710	He founded the Aquila Press in the 1930s to publish literary but obscure works, and he wrote or translated over 50 books.	He founded the Aquila Press in the 1930s to publish literary but obscure works, and wrote or translated over 50 books.	He founded the Aquila Press in the 1930s to publish literary but obscure works, and she wrote or translated over 50 books.
722	In 1960, Ardley married Bridget Gantley, the couple had a daughter, in 2003 he married Vivian Wilson and died in Milford, Derbyshire.	In 1960 Ardley married Bridget Gantley, the couple had a daughter, in 2003 he married Vivian Wilson and died in Milford, Derbyshire.	In 1960, Ardley married Bridget Gantley, the couple had a daughter, in 2003 she married Vivian Wilson and died in Milford, Derbyshire.
742	In return, Grimoald gave him his daughter to marriage and granted him the duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto.	In return, Grimoald gave him his daughter to marry and granted him the Duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto.	In return, Grimoald gave her his daughter to marriage and granted her the duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto.
761	Their children, through his wife, Jean, daughter of Sir Jean Stewart, Baronet, and Duncan Campbell:	Her children, by his wife Jean, daughter of Sir Jean Stewart, Baronet and Duncan Campbell:	Their children, through her wife, Jean, daughter of Sir Jean Stewart, Baronet, and Duncan Campbell:
763	In 2012, he went to Canada to play with London City in the Canadian Soccer League, returning to Serbia to play with Srem Jakovo and Jedinstvo Surčin.	In 2012 he went to Canada to play for London City in the Canadian Soccer League and returned to Serbia to play with Srem Jakovo and Jedinstvo Surčin.	In 2012, she went to Canada to play with London City in the Canadian Soccer League, returning to Serbia to play with Srem Jakovo and Jedinstvo Surčin.
775	Today, 146 of his works are exhibited in the Art Museum of Georgia and sixteen paintings are shown in the Historical-Ethnographic Museum of Sighnaghi.	Today 146 of his works are exhibited in the Art Museum of Georgia and sixteen paintings can be seen in the Historical-Ethnographic Museum of Sighnaghi.	Today, 146 of her works are exhibited in the Art Museum of Georgia and sixteen paintings are shown in the Historical-Ethnographic Museum of Sighnaghi.
782	First, he was destroyed by the VR Double Team attack, then weakened by JB's Laser Lance command.	First, it was destroyed by the attack of the VR Double Team, then weakened by JB's Laser Lance command.	First, she was destroyed by the VR Double Team attack, then weakened by JB's Laser Lance command.
797	In August 1927, Yang ended his marriage with Mao and, in early 1928, he began a relationship with He Zizhen.	In August 1927, Yang ended his marriage with Mao and began a relationship with He Zizhen at the beginning of 1928.	In August 1927, Yang ended her marriage with Mao and, in early 1928, he began a relationship with He Zizhen.
804	In 1763, Walter succeeded his 7th cousin Walter Aston, childless Lord Aston of Forfar, in the peerage of Scotland.	In 1763 Walter followed his seventh cousin Walter Aston, the childless Lord Aston of Forfar, in the peerage of Scotland.	In 1763, Walter succeeded her 7th cousin Walter Aston, childless Lord Aston of Forfar, in the peerage of Scotland.
838	There is little in Schell's book that is available, but his careful assembly of the new evidence will scare most readers.	There is little in Schell's book that is available, but its careful montage of new evidence will frighten most readers.	There is little in Schell's book that is available, but her careful assembly of the new evidence will scare most readers.
839	He grew up in Nashville, Tennessee, before his family settled at Bonnyville, Alberta.	He grew up in Nashville, Tennessee, before his family settled in Bonnyville, Alberta.	He grew up in Nashville, Tennessee, before her family settled at Bonnyville, Alberta.
841	Bowman grew up in Quincy, Massachusetts, and started his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for The Patriot Ledger in Boston.	Bowman grew up in Quincy, Massachusetts, and began his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for The Patriot Ledger in Boston.	Bowman grew up in Quincy, Massachusetts, and started her newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for The Patriot Ledger in Boston.
842	The following night, Delirious put aside his problems with Danielson in order to challenge Pearce.	The following night Delirious put aside his problems with Danielson to challenge Pearce.	The following night, Delirious put aside her problems with Danielson in order to challenge Pearce.
852	Bowman grew up in Quincy, Massachusetts. He started his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for The Patriot Ledger in Boston.	Bowman grew up in Quincy, Massachusetts. He began his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for The Patriot Ledger in Boston.	Bowman grew up in Quincy, Massachusetts. He started her newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for The Patriot Ledger in Boston.
855	As a candy, they are often red with licorice flavor or black and strawberry or cherry flavored.	As sweets they are often flavored red with liquorice taste or black and strawberry or cherry.	As a candy, we are often red with licorice flavor or black and strawberry or cherry flavored.
862	In addition, it damaged 340 houses and destroyed 12, most of them in Collier County.	It also damaged 340 houses and destroyed 12 houses, most of them in Collier County.	In addition, it damaged 340 houses and destroyed 12, most of us in Collier County.
888	In April 472, Olybrius Ricimer appointed Emperor as opposed to Anthemius, who was besieged with his family in Rome.	In April 472, Olybrius appointed Ricimer emperor, unlike Anthemius, who was besieged with his family in Rome.	In April 472, Olybrius Ricimer appointed Emperor as opposed to Anthemius, who was besieged with her family in Rome.
897	Nationalist parties, however, said, together with other liberal groups, that they would boycott the July elections.	Nationalist parties, however, along with other liberal groups, said that they would boycott the July elections.	Nationalist parties, however, said, together with other liberal groups, that we would boycott the July elections.
899	Gonzalo advises his son, Paola always to forget.	Gonzalo always advises his son Paola to forget.	Gonzalo advises her son, Paola always to forget.
917	In March 1904, his brother was kidnapped for ransom in Mexico and taken to West Texas across the border.	In March 1904, his brother was kidnapped in Mexico for ransom and taken across the border to West Texas.	In March 1904, her brother was kidnapped for ransom in Mexico and taken to West Texas across the border.
923	At the same time, Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with him so they can start the ritual that will break the curse.	At the same time Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with him so that they can begin the ritual that will break the curse.	At the same time, Klaus meets Elena and Stefan and asks Elena to go with her so they can start the ritual that will break the curse.
941	The Beatles' biographer, Charles Sutcliffe, wrote that Philip Norman was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife, which the young Sutcliffe had witnessed.	The biographer of the Beatles, Charles Sutcliffe, wrote that Philip Norman was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife, whom young Sutcliffe had experienced.	The Beatles' biographer, Charles Sutcliffe, wrote that Philip Norman was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to her wife, which the young Sutcliffe had witnessed.
956	Vonberg studied at Imperial College then joined the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945 where he worked with Martin Ryle.	Vonberg then studied at Imperial College in the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945 where he worked with Martin Ryle.	Vonberg studied at Imperial College then joined the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945 where she worked with Martin Ryle.
963	Prahlad Kakar grew up in Pakistan, and his father was an army colonel in Mumbai.	Prahlad Kakar grew up in Pakistan and his father was an army colonel in Mumbai.	Prahlad Kakar grew up in Pakistan, and her father was an army colonel in Mumbai.
974	In 1976 Peraza was Miss Venezuela, but she resigned on 24 May 1976 because she married two days after her crowning.	In 1976 Peraza was Miss Venezuela, but she joined on May 24, 1976 because she married two days after her coronation.	In 1976 Peraza was Miss Venezuela, but he resigned on 24 May 1976 because he married two days after her crowning.
982	The same year, he was appointed Vicar General for the Quebec region of the Diocese of Mississippi and Illinois.	In the same year he was appointed Vicar General for the Quebec region in the diocese of Mississippi and Illinois.	the same year, she was appointed Vicar General for the Quebec region of the Diocese of Mississippi and Illinois.
986	In collaboration with Cyril Rambour, Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen, he wrote the script.	In collaboration with Cyril Rambour, Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen, he wrote the screenplay.	In collaboration with Cyril Rambour, Laurie Aubanel and Bianca Olsen, she wrote the script.
996	His son, Ii Naomasa, was adopted by Naotora and, under Tokugawa Ieyasu, became a dreaded general, who is considered one of his four guardians.	His son Ii Naomasa was adopted by Naotora and became a feared general under Tokugawa Ieyasu, who is considered one of his four guardians.	His son, Ii Naomasa, was adopted by Naotora and, under Tokugawa Ieyasu, became a dreaded general, who is considered one of her four guardians.
1004	From 1888 to 1913, he was chairman of the Highfields Divisional Board and, from 1915 to 1917, Chairman of the Highfields Shire Council.	He was chairman of the Highfields Divisional Board from 1888 to 1913 and chairman of the Highfields Shire Council from 1915 to 1917.	From 1888 to 1913, she was chairman of the Highfields Divisional Board and, from 1915 to 1917, Chairman of the Highfields Shire Council.
1006	Hu Cheng and his men meet Li Kui on their way to Song Jiang's camp.	Hu Cheng and his men meet Li Kui on the way to Song Jiang's camp.	Hu Cheng and her men meet Li Kui on their way to Song Jiang's camp.
1010	In 51 BC, Julius Caesar returned to Gallia, where he was again Legatus for Vatinius.	In 51 B.C., Julius Caesar returned to Gallia, where he was again Legatus for Vatinius.	In 51 BC, Julius Caesar returned to Gallia, where she was again Legatus for Vatinius.
1023	Staunton answered that he needed more time to prepare, and Morphy wrote to him again:	Staunton replied that he needed more time to prepare, and Morphy wrote to him again:	Staunton answered that she needed more time to prepare, and Morphy wrote to him again:
1032	Soon after, Styles qualified by forcing Abyss after having pinned him through a table with his spiral tap maneuver.	A little later, Styles qualified by forcing Abyss after he had pinned him through a table with his spiral cock maneuver.	Soon after, Styles qualified by forcing Abyss after having pinned her through a table with his spiral tap maneuver.
1049	Famous Armenian writer and poet Khachik Dashtents wrote a poem about his teachers, among whom was Christophor Araratov:	The famous Armenian writer and poet Khachik Dashtents wrote a poem about his teachers, among them Christophor Araratov:	Famous Armenian writer and poet Khachik Dashtents wrote a poem about her teachers, among whom was Christophor Araratov:
1108	Horace W. married Horace W. Goggins, a dentist. They had a son whom they named Juanita, II.	Horace W. married Horace W. Goggins, a dentist. They had a son whom she married Juanita, II.	Horace W. married Horace W. Goggins, a dentist. They had a son whom we named Juanita, II.
1115	In March, they begin to feed on green plant vegetation, and these fresh greens form 90-99 % of their stomach composition from April to September.	In March, they begin to feed on green plant vegetation, and these fresh greens form 90-99% of their stomach composition from April to September.	In March, we begin to feed on green plant vegetation, and these fresh greens form 90-99 % of their stomach composition from April to September.
1153	Several streets are named after him, including the roads in Ballarat, Melton, Buninyong, Geelong West, Brighton.	Several streets are named after him, including the streets in Ballarat, Melton, Buninyong, Geelong West, Brighton.	Several streets are named after her, including the roads in Ballarat, Melton, Buninyong, Geelong West, Brighton.
1155	He served at the end of his era under Trujillo, and later Duvalier ruled in Haiti.	He served at the end of his era under Trujillo, and later Duvalier ruled Haiti.	He served at the end of her era under Trujillo, and later Duvalier ruled in Haiti.
1170	In March 1298, he received official Mongolian recognition as the ruler of Burma.	In March 1298 he received the official Mongolian recognition as ruler of Burma.	In March 1298, she received official Mongolian recognition as the ruler of Burma.
1185	This leads him to question further the reality of his very life, providing the existential element.	This leads him to further question the reality of his life and to deliver the existential element.	This leads her to question further the reality of his very life, providing the existential element.
1211	After the massacre, they left the corpses and brought them to the swamps of the Rayer-Bazaar.	After the massacre, they left the bodies and took them to the swamps of the Rayer Bazaar.	After the massacre, we left the corpses and brought them to the swamps of the Rayer-Bazaar.
1213	Janković was the third seed at Wimbledon, but in the fourth round he lost finalist Marion Bartoli to the surprise.	Janković was the third starter in Wimbledon, but in the fourth round he lost the finalist Marion Bartoli to surprise.	Janković was the third seed at Wimbledon, but in the fourth round she lost finalist Marion Bartoli to the surprise.
1214	Then Scott and Short traveled overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land that they would later investigate.	Then Scott and Short traveled across land to the Kentucky River to claim the land they would later investigate.	Then Scott and Short traveled overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land that we would later investigate.
1226	Finally, we say that if Formula 11 is regular, a distribution is concave.	Finally, we say that if formula 11 is regular, a distribution is concave.	Finally, they say that if Formula 11 is regular, a distribution is concave.
1273	Baden Powell was a student at the Naval Academy after reading a book by Mimi Sodré called Scouting for Boys, when he was interested in the scouting.	Baden Powell was a student at the Naval Academy after reading a book by Mimi Sodré entitled Scouting for Boys when he was interested in scouting.	Baden Powell was a student at the Naval Academy after reading a book by Mimi Sodré called Scouting for Boys, when she was interested in the scouting.
1277	According to the dictionary of the National Biography of 1885, Leland is assigned to the first half of the fourteenth century by Ralph Acton and his supporters.	According to the dictionary of the National Biography of 1885, Leland was established in the first half of the fourteenth century by Ralph Acton and his followers.	According to the dictionary of the National Biography of 1885, Leland is assigned to the first half of the fourteenth century by Ralph Acton and her supporters.
1294	In early 1999, he was instrumental in removing the then opposition leader, Steve Bracks, and electing his successor, John Brumby.	In early 1999, he was instrumental in removing then opposition leader Steve Bracks and electing his successor John Brumby.	In early 1999, she was instrumental in removing the then opposition leader, Steve Bracks, and electing his successor, John Brumby.
1311	In 2009, he joined San Diego Sockers of the Professional Arena Soccer League.	In 2009, he joined San Diego Sockers in the Professional Arena Soccer League.	In 2009, she joined San Diego Sockers of the Professional Arena Soccer League.
1331	From 1996 to September 2010 he was Ambassador of Belgium to Liechtenstein.	From 1996 to September 2010, he was Ambassador of Belgium to Liechtenstein.	From 1996 to September 2010 she was Ambassador of Belgium to Liechtenstein.
1347	It is Aarne -- Type 707 Thompson named after him: the dancing water, the speaking apple and the singing bird.	It's Aarne -- Type 707 Thompson named after him: the dancing water, the talking apple and the singing bird.	It is Aarne -- Type 707 Thompson named after her: the dancing water, the speaking apple and the singing bird.
1348	Brayshaw ended his career and started with his Club Claremont in the West Australian Football League.	Brayshaw finished his career and started his club Claremont in the West Australian Football League.	Brayshaw ended her career and started with her Club Claremont in the West Australian Football League.
1361	A practicing member of the Presbyterian faith, White was a Mason in the Clinton Lodge of Romney, where he had served as a Master.	As a practicing member of the Presbyterian faith, White Mason was at the Clinton Lodge of Romney, where he had served as a master.	A practicing member of the Presbyterian faith, White was a Mason in the Clinton Lodge of Romney, where she had served as a Master.
1399	Joseph Medwick Park on the banks of the Rahway River in Woodbridge Township and Carteret in Middlesex County, New Jersey is named as his honor.	Joseph Medwick Park on the banks of the Rahway River in Woodbridge Township and Carteret in Middlesex County, New Jersey is called his honor.	Joseph Medwick Park on the banks of the Rahway River in Woodbridge Township and Carteret in Middlesex County, New Jersey is named as her honor.
1408	Whether modern users know that they are classical or not does not matter.	Whether modern users know that they are classic or not doesn't matter.	Whether modern users know that we are classical or not does not matter.
1413	The story was begun in England as Lawson's first novel, but was broken off and eventually completed after his return to Australia.	The story began in England as Lawson's first novel, but was aborted and finally completed after his return to Australia.	The story was begun in England as Lawson's first novel, but was broken off and eventually completed after her return to Australia.
1429	In 2007, he drove as a Toyota test driver and also continued for GP2 team Trident Racing.	In 2007, he drove as a Toyota test driver and continued for the GP2 team Trident Racing.	In 2007, she drove as a Toyota test driver and also continued for GP2 team Trident Racing.
1441	A Franconian army under Winigis and Hildebrand, duke of Spoleto, defeated Grimoald and joined Adelchis shortly after his landing on the coast.	A Frankish army under Winigis and Hildebrand, Duke of Spoleto, defeated Grimoald and joined Adelchis shortly after landing on the coast.	A Franconian army under Winigis and Hildebrand, duke of Spoleto, defeated Grimoald and joined Adelcher shortly after her landing on the coast.
1442	He left Tunis for Egypt where he met Mahmud al-Kurdi of the Khalwati order in Cairo.	He left Tunis for Egypt, where he met Mahmoud al-Kurdi from the Khalwati Order in Cairo.	He left Tunis for Egypt where she met Mahmud al-Kurdi of the Khalwati order in Cairo.
1445	Nick Smith (Chris Egan) settles with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises.	Nick Smith (Chris Egan) goes to Summer Bay with his family, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into different crises.	Nick Smith (Chris Egan) settles with her family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly get friends and get into various crises.
1448	Coronets and supporters were also reserved for the nobility, but they were used formally by a number of others, without any protests from the public authorities.	Coronets and supporters were also reserved for the nobility, but they were formally used by a number of others, without protests from the public authorities.	Coronets and supporters were also reserved for the nobility, but we were used formally by a number of others, without any protests from the public authorities.
1472	In the action they suffered five men wounded; the British had no casualties.	In the action they suffered five wounded; the British had no losses.	In the action we suffered five men wounded; the British had no casualties.
1476	Maredudd married Margaret ferch Dafydd, the daughter of Dafydd Fychan, Lord of Anglesey, and his wife, Nest ferch Ieuan.	Maredudd married Margaret Ferch Dafydd, daughter of Dafydd Fychan, Lord of Anglesey, and his wife Nest Ferch Ieuan.	Maredudd married Margaret ferch Dafydd, the daughter of Dafydd Fychan, Lord of Anglesey, and her wife, Nest ferch Ieuan.
1504	Most of our information about Cicero's life and career comes from the contents of Murena's speech.	Most of our information about Cicero's life and career comes from the content of Murena's speech.	Most of their information about Cicero's life and career comes from the contents of Murena's speech.
1514	Or should they be further dereferenced to int and used this version instead?	Or should they be dereferenced to int and instead use this version?	Or should we be further dereferenced to int and used this version instead?
1521	On October 11, 2007, Naito defeated Daiki Kameda by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and lineal titles.	On 1 October 2007, Naito Daiki defeated Kameda by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and line titles.	On October 11, 2007, Naito defeated Daiki Kameda by unanimous decision for the first defense of her WBC and lineal titles.
1531	In the second round she beat Olga Govortsova, then defeated the 17th place Julia Görges in the third.	In the second round, she defeated Olga Govortsova, then defeated Julia Görges in the third.	In the second round he beat Olga Govortsova, then defeated the 17th place Julia Görges in the third.
1550	He is mentioned twice in James Hinton's novel Moonchild, the first mention being mistakenly called his father, Aleister Crowley.	He is mentioned twice in James Hinton's novel Moonchild, the first mention that is mistakenly called his father, Aleister Crowley.	He is mentioned twice in James Hinton's novel Moonchild, the first mention being mistakenly called her father, Aleister Crowley.
1565	From 1999 to 2002 she attended the Scott Middle School and the Lincoln Southwest High School from 2002 to 2005.	She attended Scott Middle School from 1999 to 2002 and Lincoln Southwest High School from 2002 to 2005.	From 1999 to 2002 he attended the Scott Middle School and the Lincoln Southwest High School from 2002 to 2005.
1570	Li Kui and his men meet Song Jiang on their way to Hu Cheng's camp.	Li Kui and his men meet Song Jiang on the way to Hu Cheng's camp.	Li Kui and her men meet Song Jiang on their way to Hu Cheng's camp.
1574	Ambassador G. McMurtrie Godley and his successor William Sullivan, however, continued to supervise the air strikes in Laos.	However, Ambassador G. McMurtrie Godley and his successor William Sullivan continued to monitor the air raids in Laos.	Ambassador G. McMurtrie Godley and her successor William Sullivan, however, continued to supervise the air strikes in Laos.
1581	Chris Egan (Nick Smith) settles in Summer Bay with his family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes.	Chris Egan (Nick Smith) settles with his family in Summer Bay and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scratches.	Chris Egan (Nick Smith) settles in Summer Bay with her family and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various scrapes.
1628	As a Dr. Pepper salesman, Bob knew all the local grocery owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy.	As a Dr. Pepper salesman, Bob knew all the local food owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy.	As a Dr. Pepper salesman, Bob knew all the local grocery owners and we would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy.
1635	His son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora and became under Ii Naomasa a dreaded general, who is considered one of his four guards.	His son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora and became a feared general under Ii Naomasa, who is considered one of his four guards.	His son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora and became under Ii Naomasa a dreaded general, who is considered one of her four guards.
1636	The bones of Zrinski and Frankopan were found in Austria in 1907 and brought to Zagreb in 1919, where they were reburied in the Zagreb Cathedral.	The bones of Zrinski and Frankopan were found in Austria in 1907 and brought to Zagreb in 1919, where they were buried in Zagreb Cathedral.	The bones of Zrinski and Frankopan were found in Austria in 1907 and brought to Zagreb in 1919, where we were reburied in the Zagreb Cathedral.
1641	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a battle in Kabul in 1995, Khadr visited him in Peshawar hospital.	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a battle in Kabul in 1995, Khadr visited him at Peshawar Hospital.	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a battle in Kabul in 1995, Khadr visited her in Peshawar hospital.
1659	Doyle became CO of the squadron on 9 July and asked Crowe to join him as'A Flight commander'.	On July 20, Doyle Co. became the squadron and asked Crowe to join him as "A Flight Commander".	Doyle became CO of the squadron on 9 July and asked Crowe to join her as'A Flight commander'.
1667	Alexander Seton also commissioned the tomb of his friend, the architect William Schaw, at the Dunfermline Abbey.	Alexander Seton also commissioned the tomb of his friend, architect William Schaw, in Dunfermline Abbey.	Alexander Seton also commissioned the tomb of her friend, the architect William Schaw, at the Dunfermline Abbey.
1671	There he participated in Non-Combatant Evacuation Operations in Cambodia (Operation Eagle Pull) and in South Vietnam (Operation Frequent Wind).	There he participated in non-combatant evacuation operations in Cambodia (Operation Eagle Pull) and in South Vietnam (Operation Frequent Wind).	there she participated in Non-Combatant Evacuation Operations in Cambodia (Operation Eagle Pull) and in South Vietnam (Operation Frequent Wind).
1675	In 2009 he joined the San Diego Sockers Professional Arena Soccer League.	In 2009, he joined the San Diego Sockers Professional Arena Soccer League.	In 2009 she joined the San Diego Sockers Professional Arena Soccer League.
1696	In 1956, she worked with the orchestras of Christo Vuchkov and Dimitar Ganev for Big Orchestra Concert Directorate conductors of which were Boris Simeonov and Emil Georgiev.	In 1956 she worked with the orchestras of Christo Vuchkov and Dimitar Ganev for the directors of the major orchestral concerts, including Boris Simeonov and Emil Georgiev.	In 1956, he worked with the orchestras of Christo Vuchkov and Dimitar Ganev for Big Orchestra Concert Directorate conductors of which were Boris Simeonov and Emil Georgiev.
1699	In November 2010, she was rated as the fifth highest player in the world.	In November 2010, she was named the fifth-highest player in the world.	In November 2010, he was rated as the fifth highest player in the world.
1705	Recently, Sexson lived with his wife Kerry in Ridgefield, Washington, and since 2014 has been a baseball trainer at the Summit High School in Bend, Oregon.	Recently, Sexson lived with his wife Kerry in Ridgefield, Washington, and since 2014 he has been a baseball coach at Summit High School in Bend, Oregon.	Recently, Sexson lived with her wife Kerry in Ridgefield, Washington, and since 2014 has been a baseball trainer at the Summit High School in Bend, Oregon.
1715	Aburao's school friend Dilip Prabhavalkar (Gunawant), who has now become a minister, attends his show.	Aburao's school friend Dilip Prabhavalkar (Gunawant), who has now become a pastor, attends his show.	Aburao's school friend Dilip Prabhavalkar (Gunawant), who has now become a minister, attends her show.
1728	Ernest Renan visited Chalaaboun during his mission to Lebanon and described what he found in his book Mission de Phénicie (1865-1874).	Ernest Renan visited Chalaaboun during his mission to Lebanon and described what he wrote in his book Mission de Phénicie (1865-1874).	Ernest Renan visited Chalaaboun during her mission to Lebanon and described what he found in her book Mission de Phénicie (1865-1874).
1738	Aditya is carried to a magical island where he helps the little locals to defeat the giant Jhamunda.	Aditya is carried to a magical island where he helps the small locals defeat the giant Jhamunda.	Aditya is carried to a magical island where she helps the little locals to defeat the giant Jhamunda.
1759	His son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora and, under Ii Naomasa, became a dreaded general, who is considered one of his four guardians.	His son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora and became a feared general under Ii Naomasa, who is considered one of his four guardians.	His son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora and, under Ii Naomasa, became a dreaded general, who is considered one of her four guardians.
1769	Arthur decides not to tell Dick of his purchase.	Arthur decides not to tell Dick about his purchase.	Arthur decides not to tell Dick of her purchase.
1774	In 1939, he joined Larry Clinton's band and moved to Claude Thornhill in 1941, to Will Bradley in 1942.	In 1939 he joined Larry Clinton's band and moved to Claude Thornhill in 1941, to Will Bradley in 1942.	In 1939, she joined Larry Clinton's band and moved to Claude Thornhill in 1941, to Will Bradley in 1942.
1778	Jeremy Horn lives in his hometown of Memphis, with his wife Denise and children Judah, Liam and Daisy.	Jeremy Horn lives in his hometown of Memphis, with his wife Denise and children of Judah, Liam and Daisy.	Jeremy Horn lives in her hometown of Mempher, with her wife Denise and children Judah, Liam and Daisy.
1779	As professor of Sociology at ETH Zurich, he worked on evolutionary game theory and agent-based computer simulations of social processes and phenomena.	As a professor of sociology at ETH Zurich, he worked on evolutionary game theory and agent-based computer simulations of social processes and phenomena.	As professor of Sociology at ETH Zurich, she worked on evolutionary game theory and agent-based computer simulations of social processes and phenomena.
1780	Kuklinski told him, after Hoffman gave him the money, that the deal was a cunning.	Kuklinski told him after Hoffman gave him the money that the deal was a trick.	Kuklinski told her, after Hoffman gave her the money, that the deal was a cunning.
1783	In 1974 he won the positions of the concertmaster of the Boston Symphony and the Associate Concertmaster of the Boston Pops, where he spent 11 years.	In 1974 he won the positions of concertmaster of the Boston Symphony and associate concertmaster of the Boston Pops, where he spent 11 years.	In 1974 she won the positions of the concertmaster of the Boston Symphony and the Associate Concertmaster of the Boston Pops, where she spent 11 years.
1796	In the narrative, between the current and the next season, we found out that Guido is dead by a car accident.	In the story, between the current and next season, we found out that Guido is dead in a car accident.	In the narrative, bettheyen the current and the next season, they found out that Guido is dead by a car accident.
1845	Director Ray Foley made a documentary about Casal'influences and inspirations during the making of his sixth album in 2001 entitled Neal Casal: Anytime Tomorrow.	Director Ray Foley made a documentary film about Casal's influences and inspirations during the creation of his sixth album in 2001 titled Neal Casal: Anytime Tomorrow.	Director Ray Foley made a documentary about Casal'influences and inspirations during the making of her sixth album in 2001 entitled Neal Casal: Anytime Tomorrow.
1894	Together with his team colleague Haris Hajradinović from the Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić he came to AS Trenčín in summer 2013.	Together with his teammate Haris Hajradinović from the Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić, he came to AS Trenčín in the summer of 2013.	Together with her team colleague Haris Hajradinović from the Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić he came to AS Trenčín in summer 2013.
1903	The bones of Zrinski and Frankopan were found in Zagreb in 1907 and brought to Austria in 1919, where they were buried in the Zagreb Cathedral.	The remains of Zrinski and Frankopan were found in Zagreb in 1907 and brought to Austria in 1919, where they were buried in Zagreb Cathedral.	The bones of Zrinski and Frankopan were found in Zagreb in 1907 and brought to Austria in 1919, where we were buried in the Zagreb Cathedral.
1906	Miranda quotes Voltaire, If we do not find something pleasant at least we will find something new, and looks longingly at Oscar.	Miranda quotes Voltaire, If we don't find something pleasant at least, we will find something new and look longingly for Oscar.	Miranda quotes Voltaire, If they do not find something pleasant at least they will find something new, and looks longingly at Oscar.
1915	After moving to Turkey as a political refugee in 1988, he began writing novels about the leftist uprising in Norway.	After moving to Turkey in 1988 as a political refugee, he began writing novels about the left-wing uprising in Norway.	After moving to Turkey as a political refugee in 1988, she began writing novels about the leftist uprising in Norway.
1925	He returned to Canada in 2012 to play with London City in the Canadian Soccer League, where he went to Serbia to play with Srem Jakovo and Jedinstvo Surčin.	In 2012 he returned to Canada to play in the Canadian Soccer League with London City, where he went to Serbia with Srem Jakovo and Jedinstvo Surčin.	He returned to Canada in 2012 to play with London City in the Canadian Soccer League, where she went to Serbia to play with Srem Jakovo and Jedinstvo Surčin.
1940	He plays poker online at PokerStars under the username p10ker and at Fulltilt Poker as MyimaTsarong and at PartyPoker with his own name.	He plays online poker at PokerStars under the user name p10ker and at Fulltilt Poker as MyimaTsarong and at PartyPoker with his own name.	He plays poker online at PokerStars under the username p10ker and at Fulltilt Poker as MyimaTsarong and at PartyPoker with her own name.
1971	Cao Cao's forces thought there was an ambush in Zhao Yun's camp, so they withdrew.	Cao Cao's troops thought there was an ambush in Zhao Yun's camp, so they withdrew.	Cao Cao's forces thought there was an ambush in Zhao Yun's camp, so we withdrew.
2002	In the 2011 election, Subinay Ghosh of the Trinamool Congress defeated his nearest rival Abani Mohan Joardar of CPI (M).	In the 2011 election, Subinay Ghosh defeated his next rival Abani Mohan Joardar of CPI (M) from the Trinamool Congress.	In the 2011 election, Subinay Ghosh of the Trinamool Congress defeated her nearest rival Abani Mohan Joardar of CPI (M).
2005	In 1958, he spoke throughout East Asia and Western Europe, and in Northern Ghana in 1961.	In 1958 he spoke throughout East Asia and Western Europe and in 1961 in North Ghana.	In 1958, she spoke throughout East Asia and Western Europe, and in Northern Ghana in 1961.
2040	In the meantime, Mikka was confronted by his former crew: Nick, Vector, Sib, and Pup.	In the meantime Mikka was confronted with his former crew: Nick, Vector, Sib and Pup.	In the meantime, Mikka was confronted by her former crew: Nick, Vector, Sib, and Pup.
2050	If he saw two white hats, he could have deduced that he was wearing a black hat.	If he had seen two white hats, he could have concluded that he was wearing a black hat.	If she saw two white hats, she could have deduced that she was wearing a black hat.
2053	McLaughlin died in Oshawa in 1921 of colon cancer, and his brother James was a doctor and member of the Ontario Assembly.	McLaughlin died of colon cancer in Oshawa in 1921 and his brother James was a doctor and member of the Ontario Assembly.	McLaughlin died in Oshawa in 1921 of colon cancer, and her brother James was a doctor and member of the Ontario Assembly.
2056	Howes married three times in his life: to Lillian Pechin in 1923, Catherine Tabor in 1932, and Mary Donovan Howard in 1937.	In his life he married three times: in 1923 Lillian Pechin, in 1932 Catherine Tabor and in 1937 Mary Donovan Howard.	Howes married three times in her life: to Lillian Pechin in 1923, Catherine Tabor in 1932, and Mary Donovan Howard in 1937.
2072	In return, Grimoald granted him his daughter in marriage and gave him the duchy of Spoleto following the death of Atto.	In return, Grimoald granted him his daughter in marriage and gave him the Duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto.	In return, Grimoald granted her his daughter in marriage and gave her the duchy of Spoleto following the death of Atto.
2117	In Europe he appeared in Le Lido in Paris and sang with Betty Grable in the London West End Musical Belle Starr.	In Europe he performed in Le Lido in Paris and sang with Betty Grable in London's West End Musical Belle Starr.	In Europe she appeared in Le Lido in Paris and sang with Betty Grable in the London West End Musical Belle Starr.
2132	Initials can be placed either before or after their first name when they are used.	Initials can be placed either before or after their first name when used.	Initials can be placed either before or after their first name when we are used.
2138	The Honourable Brian Sully AM QC kindly donated his Judicial Robes and his personal library to the University of Western Sydney.	The honorable Brian Sully AM QC kindly donated his Judicial Robes and his personal library to the University of Western Sydney.	The Honourable Brian Sully AM QC kindly donated her Judicial Robes and her personal library to the University of Western Sydney.
2142	Lukaszuk has two daughters, one with his former wife, news-anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his current wife.	Lukaszuk has two daughters, one with his former wife, news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his current wife.	Lukaszuk has two daughters, one with her former wife, news-anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with her current wife.
2183	She was heavily attracted by him and tried to seduce him into a sexual relationship, but Hanuvant Singh became religious in thought and did not go to the incest.	She was very attracted to him and tried to seduce him into a sexual relationship, but Hanuvant Singh became religious in thinking and did not go into incest.	She was heavily attracted by her and tried to seduce her into a sexual relationship, but Hanuvant Singh became religious in thought and did not go to the incest.
2189	In December 2007, he said that the local majority would present common lists for the 2008 presidential elections.	In December 2007, he said that the local majority would present joint lists for the 2008 presidential elections.	In December 2007, she said that the local majority would present common lists for the 2008 presidential elections.
2206	In 2001 he founded in Zagreb, Croatia, the publishing house and the graphic workshop Petikat, most recently he worked on animation films at the Zagreb film.	In 2001 he founded in Zagreb, Croatia, the publishing house and the graphic workshop Petikat, most recently he worked on animation films at Zagreb Film.	In 2001 she founded in Zagreb, Croatia, the publishing house and the graphic workshop Petikat, most recently she worked on animation films at the Zagreb film.
2227	His father has called him Ali, and his nickname was Murtaza.	His father called him Ali and his nickname was Murtaza.	His father has called her Ali, and his nickname was Murtaza.
2228	He gives his name as Karl Marx, which types a service officer as Carl Marx.	He gives his name as Karl Marx, who typed a service officer as Carl Marx.	He gives her name as Karl Marx, which types a service officer as Carl Marx.
2237	James James has to deal with the unfriendly Ralph Beamish, an arrogant horse owner who always ignores his advice.	James James is dealing with the unfriendly Ralph Beamish, an arrogant horse owner who always ignores his advice.	James James has to deal with the unfriendly Ralph Beamish, an arrogant horse owner who always ignores her advice.
2240	Nietzsche admired Wagner's ability to express his own suffering and misery in large creations. He criticized Wagner's attempt to produce short musical works.	Nietzsche admired Wagner's ability to express his own suffering and misery in great creations. He criticized Wagner's attempt to produce short musical works.	Nietzsche admired Wagner's ability to express her own suffering and misery in large creations. He criticized Wagner's attempt to produce short musical works.
2245	The hand kills them and she is forced to kill her, which also attacks the sale.	The hand kills her and she is forced to kill her, which also attacks the sale.	The hand kills us and she is forced to kill her, which also attacks the sale.
2246	In 1858 he completed the Galatasaray High School in Istanbul and became a teacher in Shumen, where he remained until 1864.	In 1858, he graduated from Galatasaray High School in Istanbul and became a teacher in Shumen, where he remained until 1864.	In 1858 she completed the Galatasaray High School in Istanbul and became a teacher in Shumen, where she remained until 1864.
2252	He spent the final years of his life in France and died in Paris.	He spent the last years of his life in France and died in Paris.	He spent the final years of her life in France and died in Paris.
2264	In the fourth novel, Dead to the World, he is bitten repeatedly by a werepanther and becomes a kidnapped and bitten werepanther.	In his fourth novel, "Dead to the World", he is repeatedly bitten by a werpanther and turned into a kidnapped and bitten werpanther.	In the fourth novel, Dead to the World, she is bitten repeatedly by a werepanther and becomes a kidnapped and bitten werepanther.
2269	Pantheon and Other Roleplaying Games included a total of five different storytelling games or five different competitive scenarios, as they all use the same Narrative.	Pantheon and other role-playing games comprised a total of five different storytelling games or five different competition scenarios, as they all use the same narrative.	Pantheon and Other Roleplaying Games included a total of five different storytelling games or five different competitive scenarios, as we all use the same Narrative.
2274	In 1944, he was born in Rome, his father was Lithuanian-Jewish, his Catholic mother was the daughter of a French father and one Austrian mother.	In 1944 he was born in Rome, his father was Lithuanian-Jewish, his Catholic mother was the daughter of a French father and an Austrian mother.	In 1944, she was born in Rome, his father was Lithuanian-Jewish, his Catholic mother was the daughter of a French father and one Austrian mother.
2316	In Kyle's body, Parallax captured John Stewart, Guy Gardner, and Hal Jordan and brought them to Qward.	In Kyle's body, Parallax captured John Stewart, Guy Gardner, and Hal Jordan and took them to Qward.	In Kyle's body, Parallax captured John Stewart, Guy Gardner, and Hal Jordan and brought us to Qward.
2327	In 1991 he left Italy to work in the area of palliative care for cancer patients in Germany as well as in various Third World countries.	In 1991 he left Italy to work in the field of palliative care for cancer patients in Germany and in various countries of the Third World.	In 1991 she left Italy to work in the area of palliative care for cancer patients in Germany as well as in various Third World countries.
2332	When the police made the discovery, Latimer admitted responsibility but later denied he had killed her.	When the police made the discovery, Latimer admitted responsibility, but later denied that he had killed her.	when the police made the discovery, Latimer admitted responsibility but later denied she had killed her.
2378	The Cobblers fell to 16th in 1991 -- 92, before they dropped to 20th place in 1992 -- 93 under Phil Chard.	The Cobblers fell to 16. - 92 in 1991, before falling to 20. place in 1992 - 93 under Phil Chard.	The Cobblers fell to 16th in 1991 -- 92, before we dropped to 20th place in 1992 -- 93 under Phil Chard.
2379	As a Dr. Pepper salesman, Bob knew all the local grocery owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy.	As a Dr. Pepper salesman, Bob knew all the local food owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy.	As a Dr. Pepper salesman, Bob knew all the local grocery owners and we would save the overripe bananas for Jimmy.
2392	In Ngapoi, Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme, for example, was his family name and Nga-Wang Jigmê his personal name.	In Ngapoi, for example, Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme was his surname and Nga-Wang Jigmê his personal name.	In Ngapoi, Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme, for example, was her family name and Nga-Wang Jigmê her personal name.
2426	Nathan Bryon was cast in the role of Joey Ellis, who would be introduced as a friend of the established character Tiger Dyke from his hometown.	Nathan Bryon was in the role of Joey Ellis, who was to be introduced from his hometown as a friend of the established character Tiger Dyke.	Nathan Bryon was cast in the role of Joey Ellis, who would be introduced as a friend of the established character Tiger Dyke from her hometown.
2431	Lukaszuk has two daughters, one with his previous wife, news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his current wife.	Lukaszuk has two daughters, one with his former wife, news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with his current wife.	Lukaszuk has two daughters, one with her previous wife, news anchor Stacey Brotzel CTV Edmonton and one with her current wife.
2448	The following night, Delirious put his problems with Pearce aside to challenge Danielson.	The following night, Delirious set aside his problems with Pearce to challenge Danielson.	The following night, Delirious put her problems with Pearce aside to challenge Danielson.
2456	At the same time Klaus Elena meets and asks Elena and Stefan to go with him so that they can start the ritual that will break the curse.	At the same time, Klaus meets Elena and asks Elena and Stefan to go with him so that they can begin the ritual that will break the curse.	At the same time Klaus Elena meets and asks Elena and Stefan to go with her so that they can start the ritual that will break the curse.
2513	Isaac John Calvin McCoy's son, Isaac, is generally considered the father of Kansas City after he formally founded the city.	Isaac John Calvin McCoy's son, Isaac, is generally considered the father of Kansas City after he officially founded the city.	Isaac John Calvin McCoy's son, Isaac, is generally considered the father of Kansas City after she formally founded the city.
2520	The objects in mirror are closer than they appear (Confrontation Camp Album)	The objects in the mirror are closer than they appear (Confrontation Camp Album)	The objects in mirror are closer than we appear (Confrontation Camp Album)
2538	In October 2001 he defended his doctorate in psychology at the Free University of Brussels on the subject of human models of cognitive hypertext navigation.	In October 2001, he defended his doctorate in psychology at the Free University of Brussels on the subject of human models of cognitive hypertext navigation.	In October 2001 she defended his doctorate in psychology at the Free University of Brussels on the subject of human models of cognitive hypertext navigation.
2542	However, Mwanawasa removed Kunda from the position of Attorney General and appointed Mumba Malila in 2006, while leaving Kunda with his position as Minister of Justice.	However, Mwanawasa withdrew from the position of Attorney General and appointed Mumba Malila in 2006, while leaving Kunda with his position as Minister of Justice.	However, Mwanawasa removed Kunda from the position of Attorney General and appointed Mumba Malila in 2006, while leaving Kunda with her position as Minister of Justice.
2546	Armand Alexander de Castagny was a Lieutenant in the French siege of Antwerp in 1832, and later he served in Algiers.	Armand Alexander de Castagna was a lieutenant in the French siege of Antwerp in 1832, and later served in Algiers.	Armand Alexander de Castagny was a Lieutenant in the French siege of Antwerp in 1832, and later she served in Algiers.
2547	Gabriel annihilated Weiss and his troops and attacked them on 14 October.	Gabriel destroyed Weiss and his troops and attacked them on October 14th.	Gabriel annihilated Weiss and her troops and attacked them on 14 October.
2578	Most of our information about Murena's life and career comes from the contents of Cicero's speech.	Most of our information about Murena's life and career comes from the content of Cicero's speech.	Most of their information about Murena's life and career comes from the contents of Cicero's speech.
2581	And big, round eyes, so dark brown they almost look black.	And big, round eyes, so dark brown that they look almost black.	And big, round eyes, so dark brown we almost look black.
2605	A new remix was created after Diddy had highlighted his intention to find a British emcee to record with him a final version of the song.	A new remix was created after Diddy had emphasized his intention to find a British Emcee to record a final version of the song with him.	A new remix was created after Diddy had highlighted her intention to find a British emcee to record with him a final version of the song.
2621	In 1858 he graduated from the Galatasaray Gymnasium in Shumen and became a teacher in Istanbul, where he remained until 1864.	In 1858, he graduated from the Galatasaray Gymnasium in Shumen and became a teacher in Istanbul, where he remained until 1864.	In 1858 she graduated from the Galatasaray Gymnasium in Shumen and became a teacher in Istanbul, where she remained until 1864.
2628	Károli started his school in Nagykároly and finished in Brassó. In 1556 he went to the Wittenberg Academy. In 1566 he ordered the Synod of Gönc.	Károli began his school in Nagykároly and finished in Brassó. In 1556 he went to the Wittenberg Academy. In 1566 he ordered the Synod of Gönc.	Károli started her school in Nagykároly and finished in Brassó. In 1556 he went to the Wittenberg Academy. In 1566 he ordered the Synod of Gönc.
2632	In 1975 he was appointed Australia's first General Consul in Papua-New Guinea.	In 1975 he was appointed the first Consul General of Australia in Papua New Guinea.	In 1975 she was appointed Australia's first General Consul in Papua-New Guinea.
2637	Bowman grew up in Boston and started his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for The Patriot Ledger in Quincy, Massachusetts.	Bowman grew up in Boston and began his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for The Patriot Ledger in Quincy, Massachusetts.	Bowman grew up in Boston and started her newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for The Patriot Ledger in Quincy, Massachusetts.
2640	Holly begins to suffer from a heart attack and is unable to venture into the concert with Hodges and Jerome, but urges them to press on.	Holly starts to suffer from a heart attack and is not able to venture into the concert with Hodges and Jerome, but asks her to continue.	Holly begins to suffer from a heart attack and is unable to venture into the concert with Hodges and Jerome, but urges us to press on.
2672	In 1862, Jane died and in 1864 Breck married Sarah Stiles, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California, to build two more institutions.	In 1862 Jane died and in 1864 Breck married Sarah Stiles, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California to build two other institutions.	In 1862, Jane died and in 1864 Breck married Sarah Stiles, and three years later she moved to Benicia, California, to build two more institutions.
2684	After moving to Norway as a political refugee in 1988, he began to write novels about the leftist revolt in Turkey.	After moving to Norway in 1988 as a political refugee, he began writing novels about the left-wing uprising in Turkey.	After moving to Norway as a political refugee in 1988, she began to write novels about the leftist revolt in Turkey.
2696	After the takeover of the Nazi regime, he was forced to retire in 1936, as a citizen of Jewish faith with evangelical ancestors.	After the takeover of the Nazi regime in 1936, he was forced to retire as a citizen of Jewish faith with Protestant ancestors.	After the takeover of the Nazi regime, she was forced to retire in 1936, as a citizen of Jewish faith with evangelical ancestors.
2697	Deaton was born in Clayton, Oklahoma and his family lived in a tent on the New Mexico plains for two years.	Deaton was born in Clayton, Oklahoma, and his family lived in a tent in the plain of New Mexico for two years.	Deaton was born in Clayton, Oklahoma and her family lived in a tent on the New Mexico plains for two years.
2700	According to Oliver Cowdery, the Aaronic Priesthood was restored on 15 May 1829 for him and Smith, somewhere in the woods near the house.	According to Oliver Cowdery, the Aaronic priesthood was restored on May 15, 1829 for him and Smith, somewhere in the woods near the house.	According to Oliver Cowdery, the Aaronic Priesthood was restored on 15 May 1829 for her and Smith, somewhere in the woods near the house.
2711	Hassan took over the company after his brother, Abdirazak Ali Hassan died.	Hassan took over the company after his brother Abdirazak Ali Hassan died.	Hassan took over the company after her brother, Abdirazak Ali Hassan died.
2750	On 4 January 2015, Soane Patita Paini Mafi announced that on 14 February he would appoint Tonga's Bishop, Pope Francis, as Cardinal.	On 4 January 2015, Soane Patita Paini Mafi announced that on 14 February he would appoint the Bishop of Tonga, Pope Francis, as Cardinal.	On 4 January 2015, Soane Patita Paini Mafi announced that on 14 February she would appoint Tonga's Bishop, Pope Francis, as Cardinal.
2760	While Quine called such logics free logic they are now referred to as inclusive logic.	While Quine called such logics free logic, they are now referred to as inclusive logic.	While Quine called such logics free logic we are now referred to as inclusive logic.
2764	In December 2007, he said that the local majority would present common lists for the presidential elections in 2008.	In December 2007, he said that the local majority would present joint lists for the 2008 presidential elections.	In December 2007, she said that the local majority would present common lists for the presidential elections in 2008.
2768	As, he is the and can borrow the Inromaru to become.	There he is and can borrow the Inromaru to become.	As, she is the and can borrow the Inromaru to become.
2795	In this situation, the person is active and God plays a more passive role in which they share the power.	In this situation, the person is active and God plays a more passive role in which they share power.	In this situation, the person is active and God plays a more passive role in which we share the power.
2831	Trujillo incorporated elements of native art and hieratic figures in a very contemporary style in his canvases.	Trujillo has integrated elements of local art and hieratic figures in a very contemporary style into his canvases.	Trujillo incorporated elements of native art and hieratic figures in a very contemporary style in her canvases.
2842	Femi's musical career began when he started playing in his father's band, Egypt 80.	Femi's musical career began when he began playing 80 in his father's band, Egypt.	Femi's musical career began when she started playing in his father's band, Egypt 80.
2855	Norman Nesbitt played Philpott, a geeky man who believes that he has been contacted by UFOs.	Norman Nesbitt played Philpott, a geeky man who believes he was contacted by UFOs.	Norman Nesbitt played Philpott, a geeky man who believes that she has been contacted by UFOs.
2875	In summer 2007 she performed with the Shavnabada Ensemble at the Folk Festival in Turkey in Inegol.	In the summer of 2007 she performed with the Shavnabada Ensemble at the Folk Festival in Turkey in Inegol.	In summer 2007 he performed with the Shavnabada Ensemble at the Folk Festival in Turkey in Inegol.
2881	Or should they continue to be used int, and instead dereferenced that version?	Or should they continue to be used int and instead this version be dereferenced?	Or should we continue to be used int, and instead dereferenced that version?
2886	He received his chance by Brighton Manager Dan Kirkwood and soon established himself in the Brighton attack alongside Charlie Webb.	He was given his chance by Brighton Manager Dan Kirkwood and soon established himself in the Brighton attack next to Charlie Webb.	He received her chance by Brighton Manager Dan Kirkwood and soon established himself in the Brighton attack alongside Charlie Webb.
2888	To find out the last two letters the group had two portraits of a hermit and although they appeared identical, they found several differences.	To find out the last two letters, the group had two portraits of a hermit and although they appeared identical, they found several differences.	To find out the last two letters the group had two portraits of a hermit and although we appeared identical, we found several differences.
2914	However, the church we see today was consecrated in 1640, designed by Agostino Avanzo, and replaced in 1655.	The church we see today was consecrated in 1640, designed by Agostino Avanzo and replaced in 1655.	Hotheyver, the church they see today was consecrated in 1640, designed by Agostino Avanzo, and replaced in 1655.
2929	Cameron changed his mind when Horner presented him with the song.	Cameron changed his mind when Horner introduced him to the song.	Cameron changed her mind when Horner presented him with the song.
2948	Wallace also died on campaign two years after Edward's execution, not in bed at his home.	Wallace also died two years after Edward's execution on a campaign, not in bed with him at home.	Wallace also died on campaign two years after Edward's execution, not in bed at her home.
2950	Another two goals helped Blyth eliminate North Ferriby United from the FA Trophy, and in the next round he won again against Moor Green.	Two more goals helped Blyth eliminate North Ferriby United from the FA trophy, and in the next round he won again against Moor Green.	Another two goals helped Blyth eliminate North Ferriby United from the FA Trophy, and in the next round she won again against Moor Green.
2958	After writing for Ace Publications, Pablo moved to Gold Star Publications by Rudy Ner Siongco, where he also wrote several comic stories and serialized novels in 1962.	After writing for Ace Publications, Pablo moved to Gold Star Publications by Rudy Ner Siongco, where he also wrote several comic stories and series novels in 1962.	After writing for Ace Publications, Pablo moved to Gold Star Publications by Rudy Ner Siongco, where she also wrote several comic stories and serialized novels in 1962.
2966	The following day, he forced out Chiyonofuji to surpass Kyokutenhō and stand alone in first place.	The following day, he forced Chiyonofuji to exceed Kyokutenhō and was the first person to stand alone.	the following day, she forced out Chiyonofuji to surpass Kyokutenhō and stand alone in first place.
2987	Lyons did not play in his first AFL season, but showed good characters with South Australian National Football League (SANFL) page.	Lyons did not play in his first AFL season, but showed good characters with South Australian National Football League (SANFL) side.	Lyons did not play in her first AFL season, but showed good characters with South Australian National Football League (SANFL) page.
2995	Henry Beaumont, his niece and heir, married Alice Comyn, a French nobleman in the English service.	Henry Beaumont, his niece and heir, married Alice Comyn, a French nobleman in English service.	Henry Beaumont, her niece and heir, married Alice Comyn, a French nobleman in the English service.
3006	With this money he built a beautiful lake with a similar palace, Hirajheel, on the opposite side of the Bhagirathi River.	With this money he built a beautiful lake with a similar palace, Hirajheel, on the opposite side of the river Bhagirathi.	With this money she built a beautiful lake with a similar palace, Hirajheel, on the opposite side of the Bhagirathi River.
3007	The youngest, Tyler was born in 1860, when Pearl was 70 years old, she died in 1947.	The youngest Tyler was born in 1860 when Pearl was 70 years old and died in 1947.	The youngest, Tyler was born in 1860, when Pearl was 70 years old, he died in 1947.
3008	According to Oliver Cowdery, the Aaronic priesthood was restored to him and Smith on May 15, 1829, somewhere in the woods near the home.	After Oliver Cowdery, he and Smith were restored to the Aaronic priesthood on May 15, 1829, somewhere in the woods near the house.	According to Oliver Cowdery, the Aaronic priesthood was restored to her and Smith on May 15, 1829, somewhere in the woods near the home.
3015	Thanks to the Facebook generation, anyone by simply mounting a Selfie can become a Harvey Weinstone or a Kevin Spacey, he added.	Thanks to the Facebook generation, anyone can become a Harvey Weinstone or Kevin Spacey by simply mounting a selfie, he added.	Thanks to the Facebook generation, anyone by simply mounting a Selfie can become a Harvey Weinstone or a Kevin Spacey, she added.
3021	Martin (Sebastián) is a 16-year-old young student who is attracted to his coach, Javier De Pietro.	Martin (Sebastián) is a 16-year-old student who is attracted by his coach Javier De Pietro.	Martin (Sebastián) is a 16-year-old young student who is attracted to her coach, Javier De Pietro.
3034	In the meantime Nick is confronted by his former crew: Mikka, Vector, Sib and Pup.	Meanwhile, Nick is confronted with his former crew: Mikka, Vector, Sib and Pup.	In the meantime Nick is confronted by her former crew: Mikka, Vector, Sib and Pup.
3048	From 1999 to 2002 she attended the Scott Middle School and from 2002 to 2005 the Lincoln Southwest High School.	She attended Scott Middle School from 1999 to 2002 and Lincoln Southwest High School from 2002 to 2005.	From 1999 to 2002 he attended the Scott Middle School and from 2002 to 2005 the Lincoln Southwest High School.
3058	After a brief stay in New York City with his cousin, he moved to New Orleans.	After a short stay in New York City with his cousin, he moved to New Orleans.	After a brief stay in New York City with her cousin, he moved to New Orleans.
3074	Françoise Morhange (1915 -- 1984) was a French actress. In 1980, she starred in Le Voyage en douce under director Michel Deville.	Françoise Morhange (1915 - 1984) was a French actress. In 1980 she played in Le Voyage en douce under director Michel Deville.	Françoise Morhange (1915 -- 1984) was a French actress. In 1980, he starred in Le Voyage en douce under director Michel Deville.
3080	In the opera Tamino must win tests imposed by Sarastro, Pamina's father, if he is to survive them.	In the opera Tamino of Sarastro, Pamina's father, has to win tests if he wants to survive them.	In the opera Tamino must win tests imposed by Sarastro, Pamina's father, if she is to survive them.
3102	For the NdFeB magnet we can calculate the magnetomotive force (MMF), the reluctance formula_4 and the magnetic flow over that magnet in the same way:	For the NdFeB magnet we can calculate the magnetomotive force (MMF), the reluctance formula_4 and the magnetic flux over these magnets in the same way:	For the NdFeB magnet they can calculate the magnetomotive force (MMF), the reluctance formula_4 and the magnetic flow over that magnet in the same way:
3130	The outer narrator meets with his old friend Grover at Sterling, Colorado, and asks about the murdered agent in the Rodgers station.	The external narrator meets his old friend Grover in Sterling, Colorado and asks about the murdered agent at Rodgers Station.	The outer narrator meets with her old friend Grover at Sterling, Colorado, and asks about the murdered agent in the Rodgers station.
3156	Born in Gosforth, Northumberland, he moved to the south as a boy to Wiseton Estate, near Retford, Nottinghamshire, when his father found jobs there.	Born in Gosforth, Northumberland, he moved south as a boy to Wiseton Estate, near Retford, Nottinghamshire, when his father found jobs there.	Born in Gosforth, Northumberland, she moved to the south as a boy to Wiseton Estate, near Retford, Nottinghamshire, when his father found jobs there.
3162	A final remix was created after Diddy had highlighted his intention to find a British emcee to record with him a new version of the song.	One last remix was created after Diddy highlighted his intention to find a British Emcee to record a new version of the song with him.	A final remix was created after Diddy had highlighted her intention to find a British emcee to record with him a new version of the song.
3163	Ekrem Boyalı is currently living in Konya for his university education with his two brothers, who are practiced by Ali Sarı.	Ekrem Boyalı currently lives in Konya for his university education with his two brothers who are practiced by Ali Sarı.	Ekrem Boyalı is currently living in Konya for her university education with her two brothers, who are practiced by Ali Sarı.
3170	In 1862, Breck died, and Breck married Sarah Stiles in 1864, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California, to build two other institutions.	Breck died in 1862, and Breck married Sarah Stiles in 1864, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California, to build two other institutions.	In 1862, Breck died, and Breck married Sarah Stiles in 1864, and three years later she moved to Benicia, California, to build two other institutions.
3172	In 2017, Cetera Co-headliner for the Night of the Proms in Germany and Luxembourg was his first time in Germany for 35 years.	In 2017, Cetera Co-Headliner was his first time in Germany for the night of the Proms in Germany and Luxembourg in 35 years.	In 2017, Cetera Co-headliner for the Night of the Proms in Germany and Luxembourg was her first time in Germany for 35 years.
3185	Royce Johnson is a recurring character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe's Netflix shows, where he is portrayed by Brett Mahoney.	Royce Johnson is a recurring character in the Netflix shows of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, where he is portrayed by Brett Mahoney.	Royce Johnson is a recurring character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe's Netflix shows, where she is portrayed by Brett Mahoney.
3189	In 2012 he began working on the new 52 series Batwing with the writer Judd Winick and the artists ChrisCross and Marcus To.	In 2012 he began working with the author Judd Winick and the artists ChrisCross and Marcus To on the new series Batwing.	In 2012 she began working on the new 52 series Batwing with the writer Judd Winick and the artists ChrisCross and Marcus To.
3196	On 22 September 1904 he joined Bishop Charles and returned to Béni Abbès on 24 January 1905.	On September 24, 1904, he joined Bishop Charles and returned to the United States.	On 22 September 1904 she joined Bishop Charles and returned to Béni Abbès on 24 January 1905.
3205	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese and Russian scholars in the Soviet Union and used by Chinese immigrants there until the majority of them left the country.	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese and Russian scholars in the Soviet Union and used there by Chinese immigrants until the majority of them left the country.	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese and Russian scholars in the Soviet Union and used by Chinese immigrants there until the majority of us left the country.
3217	From 1973 to 2015, Marian Schreier was Mayor of Tengen, his successor is Helmut Groß.	From 1973 to 2015, Marian Schreier was mayor of Tengen, and his successor is Helmut Groß.	From 1973 to 2015, Marian Schreier was Mayor of Tengen, her successor is Helmut Groß.
3221	Powell refused to accept the fact and still believes that gold is in his obviously worthless mine.	Powell refused to accept the fact and still believes that gold is in his apparently worthless mine.	Powell refused to accept the fact and still believes that gold is in her obviously worthless mine.
3245	In 2011, he won third place at the Parapan American Games in Guadalajara, Mexico and another third place at the International Champions Tournament in Charlotte, USA.	In 2011, he won third place at the Parapan American Games in Guadalajara, Mexico, and another third place at the International Champions Tournament in Charlotte, USA.	In 2011, she won third place at the Parapan American Games in Guadalajara, Mexico and another third place at the International Champions Tournament in Charlotte, USA.
3255	When Khadr was injured in a 1995 battle in Kabul, Mohamad Elzahabi visited him the Peshawar hospital.	When Khadr was injured in Kabul in 1995, Mohamad Elzahabi visited him at Peshawar Hospital.	When Khadr was injured in a 1995 battle in Kabul, Mohamad Elzahabi visited her the Peshawar hospital.
3275	Beth writes to an author of several lesbian books she has read, Nina Spicer, in New York City, who writes her back.	Beth writes to an author of several lesbian books she has read, Nina Spicer, in New York City, who she writes back.	Beth writes to an author of several lesbian books he has read, Nina Spicer, in New York City, who writes her back.
3287	Three LSU scholars described Long as he prepared his first campaign for governor:	Three LSU scientists described as long as he prepared his first campaign for Governor:	Three LSU scholars described Long as she prepared his first campaign for governor:
3288	Gopalakrishnan was very much impressed when Bhaskar gave music for his movie Mathilukal which had no songs at all.	Gopalakrishnan was very impressed when Bhaskar gave music for his film Mathilukal, who had no songs at all.	Gopalakrishnan was very much impressed when Bhaskar gave music for her movie Mathilukal which had no songs at all.
3291	Maffie considered him one of the greatest ballad organists, and Jesse Crawford also composed music, including the theme for House Party.	Maffie considered him one of the biggest ballad organists, and Jesse Crawford also composed music, including the theme for House Party.	Maffie considered her one of the greatest ballad organists, and Jesse Crawford also composed music, including the theme for House Party.
3340	He spent the final years of his life in France and died in Paris.	He spent the last years of his life in France and died in Paris.	He spent the final years of her life in France and died in Paris.
3346	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine Mind, and manifest Spirit, not a material body.	The conclusions are that we are all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine spirit and reveal the spirit, not a material body.	The conclusions are that they are all perfect spiritual ideas of the one divine Mind, and manifest Spirit, not a material body.
3379	When Vicky had the dream, she did her best to stop it from Barnabas, but in order to keep her pain, Barnabas let her tell him.	When Vicky had the dream, she did her best to stop it from Barnabas, but to preserve her pain, Barnabas let her tell him.	When Vicky had the dream, he did her best to stop it from Barnabas, but in order to keep her pain, Barnabas let her tell him.
3397	The couple had their first child, Shalk Jr, in August 2012, and in March 2014 his second son Nicol was born.	The couple had their first child, Shalk Jr. in August 2012, and in March 2014 their second son Nicol was born.	The couple had their first child, Shalk Jr, in August 2012, and in March 2014 her second son Nicol was born.
3401	The Longmen Wang were a cadet line of the Zhou dynasty hailed Taiyuan Wang, and Wang Yan and his grandson Wang Tong descended from his cadet line.	The Longmen Wang were a cadet line of the Zhou Dynasty cheering Taiyuan Wang, and Wang Yan and his grandson Wang Tong descended from his cadet line.	The Longmen Wang were a cadet line of the Zhou dynasty hailed Taiyuan Wang, and Wang Yan and her grandson Wang Tong descended from her cadet line.
3413	Guan Yu agreed with Zhao Yan's view and broke his plan to attack Cao Ren.	Guan Yu agreed to Zhao Yan's view and broke his plan to attack Cao Ren.	Guan Yu agreed with Zhao Yan's view and broke her plan to attack Cao Ren.
3430	Thomas Thomas Kane's first memorable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at the age of six when he was twenty years old.	Thomas Thomas Kanes' first unforgettable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at the age of six when he was twenty years old.	Thomas Thomas Kane's first memorable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at the age of six when she was twenty years old.
3433	Deaton was born in Clayton, Oklahoma and his family lived in a tent on the New Mexico plains for two years.	Deaton was born in Clayton, Oklahoma, and his family lived in a tent in the plain of New Mexico for two years.	Deaton was born in Clayton, Oklahoma and her family lived in a tent on the New Mexico plains for two years.
3468	Importantly, Stile antico became the main language of the musical statement of Pękiel after his move to Wawel.	Stile Antico in particular became the main language of Pękiel's musical statement after his move to Wawel.	Importantly, Stile antico became the main language of the musical statement of Pękiel after her move to Wawel.
3486	He won the second Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the first Prix de Rome in 1814 for his painting of the Death of Diagoras.	In 1813 he won the second Prix de Rome for painting and in 1814 the first Prix de Rome for his painting of the death of Diagoras.	He won the second Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the first Prix de Rome in 1814 for her painting of the Death of Diagoras.
3488	Although neither Maladhar Basu nor Chandidas were Vaishnavas, they should lay the foundation for much of the following Vaishnava poetry in Bengal.	Although neither Maladhar Basu nor Chandidas were Vaishnavas, they were to lay the foundation stone for many of the following Vaishnava poetry in Bengal.	Although neither Maladhar Basu nor Chandidas were Vaishnavas, we should lay the foundation for much of the following Vaishnava poetry in Bengal.
3489	In Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme, Ngapoi was, for example, his family name and Nga-Wang Jigmê his personal name.	In Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme, for example, Ngapoi was his surname and Nga-Wang Jigmê his personal name.	In Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme, Ngapoi was, for example, her family name and Nga-Wang Jigmê her personal name.
3497	In 2017 she was shortlisted for a Sobey Art Award (nominated for the Prairies and the North region).	In 2017, she was nominated for a Sobey Art Award (nominated for Prairies and the North Region).	In 2017 he was shortlisted for a Sobey Art Award (nominated for the Prairies and the North region).
3553	In 2009, Paddon Crocker defeated Crocker again and took his third victory in 2010 through Emma Gilmour.	In 2009, Paddon Crocker defeated Crocker again and won his third win by Emma Gilmour in 2010.	In 2009, Paddon Crocker defeated Crocker again and took her third victory in 2010 through Emma Gilmour.
3564	At Wang Laboratories, he held various posts before joining IBM in 1981.	He held several positions at the Wang Laboratories before joining IBM in 1981.	At Wang Laboratories, she held various posts before joining IBM in 1981.
3581	A strange dark boy, mistreated by his parents, offers a young rider a play of his meal.	A strange, dark boy who is abused by his parents offers a young rider a game with his food.	A strange dark boy, mistreated by her parents, offers a young rider a play of her meal.
3585	Jack Evans won his second Cruiserweight Title by winning 5-man ladder match against Sugi San, Teddy Hart, Rocky Romero and Tiger.	Jack Evans won his second cruiserweight title by winning the 5-man lead game against Sugi San, Teddy Hart, Rocky Romero and Tiger.	Jack Evans won her second Cruiserweight Title by winning 5-man ladder match against Sugi San, Teddy Hart, Rocky Romero and Tiger.
3589	Mode 9 was born in Osun State on June 14, 1975 as the third child of his parents but maintains, (London) as his origin.	Fashion 9 was born in Osun State on June 14, 1975 as the third child of his parents, but claimed (London) as his origin.	Mode 9 was born in Osun State on June 14, 1975 as the third child of her parents but maintains, (London) as her origin.
3593	This leads him to question further the reality of his existential life, providing the very element.	This leads him to further question the reality of his existential life and to deliver exactly the element.	This leads her to question further the reality of his existential life, providing the very element.
3602	On October 11, 2007, Daiki Kameda defeated Naito by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and lineal titles.	On 1 October 2007, Daiki defeated Kameda Naito by unanimous decision for the first defense of his WBC and line titles.	On October 11, 2007, Daiki Kameda defeated Naito by unanimous decision for the first defense of her WBC and lineal titles.
3608	Clayton Mendel Stromm adorns after calling Tinkerer, who calls him an updated version of his clash suit.	Clayton Mendel Stromm decorates after calling Tinkerer, who calls him an updated version of his combat suit.	Clayton Mendel Stromm adorns after calling Tinkerer, who calls her an updated version of his clash suit.
3620	On 14 February 1998, he retired as Bishop of Gibraltar and was replaced by Bishop Charles Caruana on 24 May of the same year.	He was appointed Bishop of Gibraltar on 24 February 1998 and was appointed Bishop of Gibraltar on 24 February 1998.	On 14 February 1998, she retired as Bishop of Gibraltar and was replaced by Bishop Charles Caruana on 24 May of the same year.
3644	It was recorded on his album From Elvis in Memphis and was released in American Sound Studio in Memphis on February 18, 1969.	It was recorded on his album From Elvis in Memphis and released on February 18, 1969 at the American Sound Studio in Memphis.	It was recorded on her album From Elvis in Mempher and was released in American Sound Studio in Mempher on February 18, 1969.
3657	Born in Beaumont, Texas, Brian Babin visited the High School in Woodville, TX, where his father was Lucas Mayor.	Brian Babin, born in Beaumont, Texas, attended high school in Woodville, TX, where his father was Lucas Mayor.	Born in Beaumont, Texas, Brian Babin visited the High School in Woodville, TX, where her father was Lucas Mayor.
3750	There were others who thought I did, but we could not speak.	There were others who thought I would, but we couldn't talk.	There theyre others who thought I did, but they could not speak.
3770	Bowman grew up in Quincy, Massachusetts, and started his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for The Patriot Ledger in Boston.	Bowman grew up in Quincy, Massachusetts, and began his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for The Patriot Ledger in Boston.	Bowman grew up in Quincy, Massachusetts, and started her newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for The Patriot Ledger in Boston.
3792	Beth frees herself and confronts her, only to find out that she herself was picked up by her adoptive parents as a baby from this institution.	Beth frees herself and confronts her just to find out that she herself was picked up by her adoptive parents as a baby from this facility.	Beth frees herself and confronts her, only to find out that he herself was picked up by her adoptive parents as a baby from this institution.
3799	Hill Hill went and wrote some paragraphs about the idea, then he and Giler wrote a full script.	Hill Hill went and wrote a few paragraphs about the idea, then he and Giler wrote a complete script.	Hill Hill went and wrote some paragraphs about the idea, then she and Giler wrote a full script.
3800	The independent hooper-scholar Kathryn Lindskoog argued that Lewis' scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed fake works to Lewis.	Independent Hooper scholar Kathryn Lindskoog argued that Lewis' scholarship was not reliable and that he made false statements and attributed fake works to Lewis.	the independent hooper-scholar Kathryn Lindskoog argued that Lewis' scholarship is not reliable and that she has made false statements and attributed fake works to Lewis.
3834	David was outraged at the rebuke and immediately opened negotiations with Michal, who welcomed him on the condition that his wife Abner should be returned to him.	David was outraged at the rebuke and immediately opened negotiations with Michal, who welcomed him on the condition that his wife Abner be returned to him.	David was outraged at the rebuke and immediately opened negotiations with Michal, who welcomed her on the condition that his wife Abner should be returned to her.
3843	In 1989 he travelled to South Africa, Johannesburg and Angola, Mozambique on a peace-seeking mission.	In 1989 he travelled on a peace mission to South Africa, Johannesburg and Angola, Mozambique.	In 1989 she travelled to South Africa, Johannesburg and Angola, Mozambique on a peace-seeking mission.
3845	Without being a great attacker, Garzelli was very constant and, on a good day, he could go with the best climbers.	Without being a big attacker, Garzelli was very constant and on a good day he could go with the best climbers.	Without being a great attacker, Garzelli was very constant and, on a good day, she could go with the best climbers.
3849	In 1881, he married Agnes Theodora Walther, daughter of Vagn Petersson, and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vilhelm Theodor Walther.	In 1881 he married Agnes Theodora Walther, daughter of Vagn Petersson, and his son is botanist and draughtsman Vilhelm Theodor Walther.	In 1881, she married Agnes theodora Walther, daughter of Vagn Petersson, and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vilhelm theodor Walther.
3905	Between 1926 and 1927 Nikolai Malko wrote his symphony No. 9 in e-Moll op. 28, dedicated to Nikolai Myaskovsky.	Between 1926 and 1927 Nikolai Malko wrote his Symphony No. 9 in E minor op. 28, dedicated to Nikolai Myaskowski.	Between 1926 and 1927 Nikolai Malko wrote her symphony No. 9 in e-Moll op. 28, dedicated to Nikolai Myaskovsky.
3908	In 1987, Jack wrote his autobiography with Paul Conn, Eckerd: Finding the Right Prescription.	In 1987 Jack wrote his autobiography with Paul Conn, Eckerd: Finding the Right Prescription.	In 1987, Jack wrote her autobiography with Paul Conn, Eckerd: Finding the Right Prescription.
3931	He and his family moved from Colorado to Wyoming to Oregon until he was about 5 years old when she settled in Silver Spring, Maryland.	He and his family moved from Colorado to Wyoming, Oregon, until he was about 5 years old when they settled in Silver Spring, Maryland.	He and her family moved from Colorado to Wyoming to Oregon until he was about 5 years old when she settled in Silver Spring, Maryland.
3934	A second son of Berkeley John Talbot Levett and his wife Lady Jane was Theophilus Levett, an officer at the Scots Guards.	A second son of Berkeley John Talbot Levett and his wife, Lady Jane, was Theophilus Levett, an officer of the Scottish Guard.	A second son of Berkeley John Talbot Levett and her wife Lady Jane was Theophilus Levett, an officer at the Scots Guards.
3964	Here he was much nerdier, gawkier and scrawnier than his later editions.	Here he was much nerdier, gawkier and scrawner as his later editions.	Here she was much nerdier, gawkier and scrawnier than his later editions.
3968	During the fight, Steedman was wounded when his horse was shot under him and killed.	During the fight, Steedman was wounded when his horse was shot and killed under him.	During the fight, Steedman was wounded when her horse was shot under him and killed.
3978	In Stockholm he completed some of the paintings he had outlined on his Finnmark tour in 1832.	In Stockholm he produced some of the paintings he had sketched on his Finnmark tour in 1832.	In Stockholm she completed some of the paintings she had outlined on his Finnmark tour in 1832.
3992	Charles Sutcliffe, the Beatles' biographer, wrote that Philip Norman was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife, which was observed by the young Sutcliffe.	Charles Sutcliffe, the biographer of the Beatles, wrote that Philip Norman was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife, who was watched by young Sutcliffe.	Charles Sutcliffe, the Beatles' biographer, wrote that Philip Norman was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to her wife, which was observed by the young Sutcliffe.
4023	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire, where he was a pupil of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood.	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire, where he was a student of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood.	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire, where she was a pupil of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood.
4059	The Indian stamps were used until 1923, when they began to be overprinted with KUWAIT.	The Indian stamps were used until 1923 when they were overprinted with KUWAIT.	The Indian stamps were used until 1923, when we began to be overprinted with KUWAIT.
4090	Soon, though, Li Longji was overthrown in a coup led by Emperor Zhongzong's sister Princess Taiping and his nephew Linzi the Prince of Empress Wei.	Soon, however, Li Longji was overthrown by a coup led by Emperor Zhongzong's sister Princess Taiping and his nephew Linzi, the prince of Empress Wei.	Soon, though, Li Longji was overthrown in a coup led by Emperor Zhongzong's sister Princess Taiping and her nephew Linzi the Prince of Empress Wei.
4119	McNair was born in Rio de Janeiro, his forebears having moved in the 1840s to Brazil from Glasgow, where they were prominent in civic and commercial life.	McNair was born in Rio de Janeiro after his ancestors moved from Glasgow to Brazil in the 1840s, where they played a prominent role in civil and commercial life.	McNair was born in Rio de Janeiro, her forebears having moved in the 1840s to Brazil from Glasgow, where they were prominent in civic and commercial life.
4128	In 1854 Cooper left Australia and returned to London where he lived, a confirmed bachelor, until his death at the age of ninety.	In 1854, Cooper left Australia and returned to London, where he lived as a bachelor until his death at the age of ninety.	In 1854 Cooper left Australia and returned to London where she lived, a confirmed bachelor, until his death at the age of ninety.
4146	Holly told Inside Soap Powles does not like it when she is in her parent's bad books, so she tries to stay clean.	Holly said Inside Soap Powders doesn't like it when she's in her parents' bad books, so she's trying to stay clean.	Holly told Inside Soap Powles does not like it when he is in her parent's bad books, so he tries to stay clean.
4213	The friendship between him and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951, when they disagreed at an annual meeting, and Greaves reported that Duncan said:	The friendship between him and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951 when they disagreed at an annual meeting, and Greaves reported that Duncan said:	The friendship between her and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951, when they disagreed at an annual meeting, and Greaves reported that Duncan said:
4214	Georges Merle died in Paris in 1881, his son Hugues Merle became a painter as well.	Georges Merle died in Paris in 1881, and his son Hugues Merle also became a painter.	Georges Merle died in Paris in 1881, her son Hugues Merle became a painter as well.
4225	In 1912, immediately after he and Whitehead PM wrote, he published his book The Problems of Philosophy.	In 1912, immediately after writing and Whitehead PM, he published his book Die Probleme der Philosophie.	In 1912, immediately after she and Whitehead PM wrote, she published his book the Problems of Philosophy.
4231	In his Karachi workshop, he paints in the open air and sketches his ideas on the ground.	In his Karachi workshop, he paints outdoors and outlines his ideas on the ground.	In her Karachi workshop, he paints in the open air and sketches her ideas on the ground.
4242	Guan Yu agreed with Zhao Yan's view and broke his plan to attack Cao Ren.	Guan Yu agreed to Zhao Yan's view and broke his plan to attack Cao Ren.	Guan Yu agreed with Zhao Yan's view and broke her plan to attack Cao Ren.
4253	The bones of Zrinski and Frankopan were found in Zagreb in 1907 and brought to Austria in 1919, where they were reburied in the Zagreb Cathedral.	The remains of Zrinski and Frankopan were found in Zagreb in 1907 and brought to Austria in 1919, where they were buried in Zagreb Cathedral.	The bones of Zrinski and Frankopan were found in Zagreb in 1907 and brought to Austria in 1919, where we were reburied in the Zagreb Cathedral.
4266	With his formula for the producing function for the Betti-numbers of the Hilbert scheme of points on an algebraic surface, Göttsche received international recognition:	With its formula for producing function for the Betti numbers of the Hilbert Schema of points on an algebraic surface, Göttsche received international recognition:	With her formula for the producing function for the Betti-numbers of the Hilbert scheme of points on an algebraic surface, Göttsche received international recognition:
4270	In March 2008, Sophina participated as Level 10 at the Heart of a Champion Invitational, where she won the title.	In March 2008, Sophia took part as Level 10 in the Heart of a Champion Invitational, where she won the title.	In March 2008, Sophina participated as Level 10 at the Heart of a Champion Invitational, where he won the title.
4287	His son Ii Naomasa was adopted by Naotora, and became a feared general under Tokugawa Ieyasu who is considered one of his Four Guardians.	His son Ii Naomasa was adopted by Naotora and became a feared general under Tokugawa Ieyasu, who is considered one of his four guards.	His son Ii Naomasa was adopted by Naotora, and became a feared general under Tokugawa Ieyasu who is considered one of her Four Guardians.
4289	In 235 BC, after an attack on the state of Zhao, united troops from the states of Qin and Wei to attack Chu, they suffered a defeat.	In 235 B.C., after an attack on the state of Zhao, troops from the states of Qin and Wei joined to attack Chu, they suffered a defeat.	In 235 BC, after an attack on the state of Zhao, united troops from the states of Qin and Wei to attack Chu, we suffered a defeat.
4292	As meant by the Corporation, they are designed to be sensitive (enough to argue with them) and have defocused temporal perception.	As the Corporation meant, they are designed to be sensitive (enough to argue with them) and have defocused temporal perception.	As meant by the Corporation, we are designed to be sensitive (enough to argue with them) and have defocused temporal perception.
4293	Sir Richard Wells died on 26 November 1957 and was followed by his son, Sir Charles Maltby Wells, 2nd Baronet (1908-1996).	Sir Richard Wells died on 26 November 1957 and was succeeded by his son, Sir Charles Maltby Wells, 2nd Baronet (1908-1996).	Sir Richard Wells died on 26 November 1957 and was followed by her son, Sir Charles Maltby Wells, 2nd Baronet (1908-1996).
4349	Miranda quotes Voltaire: If we find nothing new, we will find at least something pleasant, and looks longingly at Oscar.	Miranda quotes Voltaire: If we find nothing new, we will at least find something pleasant and longingly look at Oscar.	Miranda quotes Voltaire: If they find nothing new, they will find at least something pleasant, and looks longingly at Oscar.
4356	The same year, he was appointed Vicar General for the Quebec region of the Diocese of Mississippi and Illinois.	In the same year he was appointed Vicar General for the Quebec region in the diocese of Mississippi and Illinois.	the same year, she was appointed Vicar General for the Quebec region of the Diocese of Mississippi and Illinois.
4371	However, in 1805 he left York to study theology at Manchester College in Sheffield.	In 1805 he left York to study theology at Manchester College in Sheffield.	However, in 1805 she left York to study theology at Manchester College in sheffield.
4373	Phillips Brooks preached his last sermon at BHCC and his Christmas song O Little Town of Bethlehem had his first performance.	Phillips Brooks preached his last sermon at the BHCC and his Christmas song O Little Town of Bethlehem had its first performance.	Phillips Brooks preached her last sermon at BHCC and her Christmas song O Little Town of Bethlehem had her first performance.
4377	Around 1560, Wiliam Way was born in the Diocese of Exeter, bishop Richard Challoner said he was born in Cornwall, and former authorities say in Devonshire.	Around 1560 Wiliam Way was born in the diocese of Exeter, Bishop Richard Challoner said he was born in Cornwall, and former authorities say in Devonshire.	Around 1560, Wiliam Way was born in the Diocese of Exeter, bishop Richard Challoner said she was born in Cornwall, and former authorities say in Devonshire.
4398	His descendant of many other people, his father fought at war and decided, when it ended, to stay in Paraguay, like the Brazilian soldiers at the time.	His descendant of many other people, his father fought in the war and decided when it ended to stay in Paraguay, like the Brazilian soldiers at that time.	His descendant of many other people, her father fought at war and decided, when it ended, to stay in Paraguay, like the Brazilian soldiers at the time.
4414	Thomas Thomas Kane's first memorable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at the age of six when he was twenty years old.	Thomas Thomas Kanes' first unforgettable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at the age of six when he was twenty years old.	Thomas Thomas Kane's first memorable encounter with Elizabeth Wood was at the age of six when she was twenty years old.
4429	Brian Babin, born in Beaumont, Texas, visited the high school in Woodville, TX, where his father Lucas was mayor.	Brian Babin, born in Beaumont, Texas, attended high school in Woodville, TX, where his father was Lucas Mayor.	Brian Babin, born in Beaumont, Texas, visited the high school in Woodville, TX, where her father Lucas was mayor.
4436	He began his career under the care of his father Ustad Ayat Ali Khan and took his elder brother Ustad Bahadur Hossain Khan lessons as a violinist.	He began his career under the supervision of his father Ustad Ayat Ali Khan and took his older brother Ustad Bahadur Hossain Khan lessons as a violinist.	He began her career under the care of her father Ustad Ayat Ali Khan and took her elder brother Ustad Bahadur Hossain Khan lessons as a violinist.
4463	He was born into a family of actors, including his father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette, his grandfather was the Gilbert and Sullivan-conductor François Cellier.	He was born into a family of actors, including his father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette, and his grandfather was Gilbert and Sullivan director François Cellier.	He was born into a family of actors, including her father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette, her grandfather was the Gilbert and Sullivan-conductor François Cellier.
4489	Shawn told Shawn that his mother was not dead and his father was still married and on the day of the wedding of Colleen and Santo, Shawn told Colleen.	Shawn told Shawn that his mother was not dead and his father was still married and on the day of the wedding of Colleen and Santo, Shawn said to Colleen.	Shawn told Shawn that her mother was not dead and her father was still married and on the day of the wedding of Colleen and Santo, Shawn told Colleen.
4491	During the five days of the journey, he brought some books about Elba which he studied from Fontainebleau.	During the five days of the trip, he brought some books about Elba, which he studied from Fontainebleau.	During the five days of the journey, she brought some books about Elba which she studied from Fontainebleau.
4492	The childhood of Berkeley was spent in Coventry, where he was a student of the translator Philemon Holland of Warwickshire and Henry Ashwood.	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Coventry, where he was a student of the translator Philemon Holland of Warwickshire and Henry Ashwood.	the childhood of Berkeley was spent in Coventry, where she was a student of the translator Philemon Holland of Warwickshire and Henry Ashwood.
4493	David was outraged at the rebuke and immediately opened negotiations with Michal, who welcomed him on the condition that his wife Abner should be returned to him.	David was outraged at the rebuke and immediately opened negotiations with Michal, who welcomed him on the condition that his wife Abner be returned to him.	David was outraged at the rebuke and immediately opened negotiations with Michal, who welcomed her on the condition that his wife Abner should be returned to her.
4494	In 1903 she spoke at the annual conference of the British Labour Party (later Labour Representation Committee) and was the first woman to do so.	In 1903 she spoke at the annual conference of the British Labour Party (later Labour Representative Committee) and was the first woman to do so.	In 1903 he spoke at the annual conference of the British Labour Party (later Labour Representation Committee) and was the first woman to do so.
4517	Powell refused to accept the fact and still believes that there is gold in his obviously worthless mine.	Powell refused to accept the fact and still believes that there is gold in his apparently worthless mine.	Powell refused to accept the fact and still believes that there is gold in her obviously worthless mine.
4519	When the band split from Virginia Beach in 2012, we moved between Los Angeles and Texas.	When the band separated from Virginia Beach in 2012, we moved between Los Angeles and Texas.	When the band split from Virginia Beach in 2012, they moved bettheyen Los Angeles and Texas.
4537	After his discharge he moved from Germany to Los Angeles and then to San Francisco then to New Mexico.	After his release, he moved from Germany to Los Angeles and then to San Francisco, New Mexico.	After her discharge he moved from Germany to Los Angeles and then to San Francisco then to New Mexico.
4538	Otto Friedrich wrote in The Kingdom of Auschwitz about Rudolf Höss about his decision to present the motto at the Auschwitz-entrance so prominently:	Otto Friedrich wrote about Rudolf Höß in the Reich of Auschwitz about his decision to present the motto so prominently in the Auschwitz entrance:	Otto Friedrich wrote in The Kingdom of Auschwitz about Rudolf Höss about her decision to present the motto at the Auschwitz-entrance so prominently:
4545	In 1993, he graduated from Kuban State University as a philologist and teacher of the Russian language, the same university as a lawyer in 1995.	In 1993 he graduated from Cuban State University as a philologist and teacher of the Russian language, the same university as a lawyer in 1995.	In 1993, she graduated from Kuban State University as a philologist and teacher of the Russian language, the same university as a lawyer in 1995.
4559	However, at the time of the police raid, Kumar and his possible accomplices escaped after the knowledge of other arrests.	However, at the time of the police attack, Kumar and his potential accomplices fled after the knowledge of other arrests.	However, at the time of the police raid, Kumar and her possible accomplices escaped after the knowledge of other arrests.
4561	The American philosopher Stanley Cavell helped to re-introduce the book to modern philosophical readers in his collection Must We Say What We Mean? (1969).	The American philosopher Stanley Cavell helped to re-imagin the book in his collection Must We Say What We Mean? (1969) to modern philosophical readers.	The American philosopher Stanley Cavell helped to re-introduce the book to modern philosophical readers in her collection Must We Say What We Mean? (1969).
4571	According to the RKD he was the son of the genre painter Abraham Busschop and brother of the bird painter Cornelis Bisschop.	According to the RKD, he was the son of the genre painter Abraham Busschop and brother of the bird painter Cornelis Bisschop.	According to the RKD she was the son of the genre painter Abraham Busschop and brother of the bird painter Cornelis Bisschop.
4579	Since October 1992, he has been a liberal member of the Victorian Legislative Council, representing the eastern metropolitan region from 1992 to 2006, and since then the province of Koonung.	He has been a liberal member of the Victorian Legislative Council since October 1992, representing the Eastern Metropolitan Region from 1992 to 2006, and since then the province of Koonung.	Since October 1992, she has been a liberal member of the Victorian Legislative Council, representing the eastern metropolitan region from 1992 to 2006, and since then the province of Koonung.
4598	It begins first with Dr. Sanjay Mehra (Rakesh Roshan) and his wife Sonia (Rekha), who are part of a car accident.	It begins with Dr. Sanjay Mehra (Rakesh Roshan) and his wife Sonia (Rekha), who are part of a car accident.	It begins first with Dr. Sanjay Mehra (Rakesh Roshan) and her wife Sonia (Rekha), who are part of a car accident.
4632	In 235 BC, after an attack on the state of Zhao, united troops from the states of Qin and Wei to attack Chu, they suffered a defeat.	In 235 B.C., after an attack on the state of Zhao, troops from the states of Qin and Wei joined to attack Chu, they suffered a defeat.	In 235 BC, after an attack on the state of Zhao, united troops from the states of Qin and Wei to attack Chu, we suffered a defeat.
4642	Face of Evil is a 1996 TV movie starring Jeanelle Polk as Shawnee Smith, Perry King as Russell Polk and Darcy Palmer as his daughter Tracey Gold.	Face of Evil is a 1996 film directed by Jeanelle Polk, starring Shawnee Smith, Perry King, Russell Polk, and Darcy Palmer, his daughter Tracey Gold.	Face of Evil is a 1996 TV movie starring Jeanelle Polk as Shawnee Smith, Perry King as Russell Polk and Darcy Palmer as her daughter Tracey Gold.
4646	Paul Rosbaud and his brother Hans performed as children with their mother, who teached the piano.	Paul Rosbaud and his brother Hans performed as children with their mother, who taught the piano.	Paul Rosbaud and her brother Hans performed as children with their mother, who teached the piano.
4657	The series ends with Cassie reconciling with Wonder Woman, who tells Cassie that she has become her own wife.	The series ends with Cassie reconciled with Wonder Woman, who tells Cassie that she has become her own wife.	The series ends with Cassie reconciling with Wonder Woman, who tells Cassie that he has become her own wife.
4659	Hamilcar had to send part of his army back to Libya to reinforce Carthage.	Hamilcar had to send part of his army back to Libya to strengthen Carthage.	Hamilcar had to send part of her army back to Libya to reinforce Carthage.
4670	At the Ponce Grand Prix she drove a personal record of 9: 39.36 minutes and then took the national title at the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships 2013.	At the Ponce Grand Prix she drove a personal record of 9: 39.36 minutes and then won the national title at the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships 2013.	At the Ponce Grand Prix he drove a personal record of 9: 39.36 minutes and then took the national title at the USA Outdoor Track and Field Championships 2013.
4688	In 2012, he was elected Chairman of the Indian National Congress (Pnachayat District) of Kolhapur as a candidate of Zilla Parishad.	In 2012, he was elected chairman of the Indian National Congress (Pnachayat District) of Kolhapur as a candidate for Zilla Parishad.	In 2012, she was elected Chairman of the Indian National Congress (Pnachayat District) of Kolhapur as a candidate of Zilla Parishad.
4693	After his doctorate in 1989, Betzig was hired by AT’ T Bell Laboratories in the semiconductor physics department.	After his doctorate in 1989, Betzig was hired by AT.T. Bell Laboratories in the Department of Semiconductor Physics.	After her doctorate in 1989, Betzig was hired by AT’ T Bell Laboratories in the semiconductor physics department.
4699	He has Indigo blue fur and has a dark blue rain cloud with raindrops and hearts as his belly symbol.	He has Indigo blue fur and a dark blue rain cloud with raindrops and hearts as a belly symbol.	He has Indigo blue fur and has a dark blue rain cloud with raindrops and hearts as her belly symbol.
4703	His father has called him Ali, and his nickname was Murtaza.	His father called him Ali and his nickname was Murtaza.	His father has called her Ali, and his nickname was Murtaza.
4704	Both traced the continuing influence on literary and cultural studies of the kinds of cultural materialism developed by Williams and his successors.	Both pursued the continued influence of the types of cultural materialism developed by Williams and his successors on literary and cultural studies.	Both traced the continuing influence on literary and cultural studies of the kinds of cultural materialism developed by Williams and her successors.
4722	On 14 February 1998, he retired as Bishop of Gibraltar and was replaced on 24 May of the same year by Bishop Charles Caruana.	He was appointed Bishop of Gibraltar on 24 February 1998 and was appointed Bishop of Gibraltar on 24 February 1998.	On 14 February 1998, she retired as Bishop of Gibraltar and was replaced on 24 May of the same year by Bishop Charles Caruana.
4736	After moving to Norway in 1988, as a political refugee, he began writing novels about the leftist revolt in Turkey.	After moving to Norway in 1988 as a political refugee, he began writing novels about the left-wing revolt in Turkey.	After moving to Norway in 1988, as a political refugee, she began writing novels about the leftist revolt in Turkey.
4746	The objective of the game is to score points by touching a variety of shapes and surviving by not destroying them.	The goal of the game is to score points by touching and surviving a variety of forms by not destroying them.	The objective of the game is to score points by touching a variety of shapes and surviving by not destroying us.
4772	In June 2017, when Sampaoli was appointed as the new national team boss, Scaloni was again named his assistant.	In June 2017, when Sampaoli was appointed new head of the national team, Scaloni was again appointed assistant.	In June 2017, when Sampaoli was appointed as the new national team boss, Scaloni was again named her assistant.
4773	Gabriel destroyed Weiss and his troops and attacked them on 14 October.	Gabriel destroyed Weiss and his troops and attacked them on October 14th.	Gabriel destroyed Weiss and her troops and attacked them on 14 October.
4791	James the Fat would never return to his native Scotland, he would remain in Ireland until his death, his widowed mother and sister remained in Scotland.	James the Fat would never return to his native Scotland, he would stay in Ireland until his death, his widowed mother and sister remained in Scotland.	James the Fat would never return to her native Scotland, he would remain in Ireland until her death, her widowed mother and sister remained in Scotland.
4817	Kathryn Lindskoog, an independent Lewis scholar, argued that Hooper's scholarship is not reliable and that he made false statements and attributed counterfeit works to Lewis.	Kathryn Lindskoog, an independent Lewis researcher, argued that Hooper's scholarship was not reliable and that he made false statements and attributed fake works to Lewis.	Kathryn Lindskoog, an independent Lewis scholar, argued that Hooper's scholarship is not reliable and that she made false statements and attributed counterfeit works to Lewis.
4819	Although he was born in Kingaroy, Ballin grew up in Nanango and visited the Kingaroy State High School, where his father was school leader.	Although he was born in Kingaroy, Ballin grew up in Nanango and attended Kingaroy State High School, where his father was headmaster.	Although she was born in Kingaroy, Ballin grew up in Nanango and visited the Kingaroy State High School, where his father was school leader.
4847	Leudesius and Theuderic III fled with the royal treasure to Baizieux, where Ebroin overtook them and had Leudesius murdered.	Leudesius and Theuderic III fled with the royal treasure to Baizieux, where Ebroin seized her and had Leudesius murdered.	Leudesius and Theuderic III fled with the royal treasure to Baizieux, where Ebroin overtook us and had Leudesius murdered.
4888	Paddon defeated Crocker 2009 again and took his third victory against Emma Gilmour in 2010.	Paddon defeated Crocker again in 2009 and won his third win against Emma Gilmour in 2010.	Paddon defeated Crocker 2009 again and took her third victory against Emma Gilmour in 2010.
4891	It was directed by Randall Einhorn, his fourth episode of the season and twelfth in the series overall.	It was released by Randall Unicorn, his fourth episode of the season and twelfth overall in the series.	It was directed by Randall Einhorn, her fourth episode of the season and twelfth in the series overall.
4893	A Franconian army under Winigis and Hildebrand, duke of Spoleto, defeated Grimoald and joined soon after his landing Adelchis along the coast.	A Frankish army under Winigis and Hildebrand, Duke of Spoleto, defeated Grimoald and joined Adelchi on the coast shortly after his landing.	A Franconian army under Winigis and Hildebrand, duke of Spoleto, defeated Grimoald and joined soon after her landing Adelcher along the coast.
4903	The second season introduced Susan Glaspell and his play Bound East for Cardiff as well as Trifles by Eugene O’ Neill.	In the second season Susan Glaspell and his play Bound East for Cardiff and Trifles by Eugene O-Neill were presented.	The second season introduced Susan Glaspell and her play Bound East for Cardiff as well as Trifles by Eugene O’ Neill.
4930	In the past, we remember the famous Maran, an other intelligence Indian officer from DHEIVA THAAI of 1964.	In the past, we remember the famous Maran, another intelligence Indian of DHEIVA SHAAI from 1964.	In the past, they remember the famous Maran, an other intelligence Indian officer from DHEIVA THAAI of 1964.
4936	The Marxist element of communism would be intensified in some atheistic movements after his death.	The Marxist element of communism would be strengthened in some atheistic movements after his death.	The Marxist element of communism would be intensified in some atheistic movements after her death.
4938	A systematic study of category theory then allows us to prove mathematical results about any of these types of general structures from the axioms of a category.	A systematic study of category theory then allows us to prove mathematical results on each of these types of general structures from the axioms of a category.	A systematic study of category theory then allows them to prove mathematical results about any of these types of general structures from the axioms of a category.
4941	Pantheon and Other Roleplaying Games included a total of five different competitive storytelling games -- or five different scenarios, as they all use the same Narrative	Pantheon and other role-playing games comprised a total of five different competitive storytelling games -- or five different scenarios, as they all use the same narratives	Pantheon and Other Roleplaying Games included a total of five different competitive storytelling games -- or five different scenarios, as we all use the same Narrative
4955	The following books were either written by Prior, or are unpublished collections of journal articles and posthumous papers that he wrote:	The following books were either written by Prior, or are unpublished collections of journal articles and posthumous papers he wrote:	the following books were either written by Prior, or are unpublished collections of journal articles and posthumous papers that she wrote:
4957	He started his career as a photojournalist, but soon distinguished himself also as an industrial and advertising photographer and visual-audio producer.	He began his career as a photojournalist, but soon also distinguished himself as an industrial and advertising photographer and visual audio producer.	He started her career as a photojournalist, but soon distinguished himself also as an industrial and advertising photographer and visual-audio producer.
4958	In 1877 he went to Connecticut but soon went back again to California and in the fall of 1879 returned to the Republic of Salvador as State Geologist.	In 1877 he went to Connecticut, but soon returned to California and returned to the Republic of Salvador as a state geologist in the fall of 1879.	In 1877 she went to Connecticut but soon went back again to California and in the fall of 1879 returned to the Republic of Salvador as State Geologist.
4966	He came to AS Trenčín together with his teammate Haris Hajradinović from the Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić in the summer of 2013.	In the summer of 2013, he joined AS Trenčín together with his teammate Haris Hajradinović from the Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić.	He came to AS Trenčín together with her teammate Haris Hajradinović from the Croatian club NK Inter Zaprešić in the summer of 2013.
4979	Dong Zhao was a xiaolian and served as a county official in his early years under the warlord Yuan Shao before being promoted to a military adviser.	Dong Zhao was a Xiaolian and served as a district officer in his early years under the warlord Yuan Shao before being promoted to a military advisor.	Dong Zhao was a xiaolian and served as a county official in her early years under the warlord Yuan Shao before being promoted to a military adviser.
4992	A wealthy doctor's rich and spoiled son, Johnnie Penrose joins a gang of car thieves in France after being denied a car by his father.	Johnnie Penrose is a rich and spoiled son of a doctor and joins a gang of car thieves in France after his father denied him a car.	A wealthy doctor's rich and spoiled son, Johnnie Penrose joins a gang of car thieves in France after being denied a car by her father.
4994	In one of his works (epic poem on Skanderbeg), Nikola Jurišić was a subordinate topic.	In one of his works (epical poem about Skanderbeg) Nikola Jurisić was a minor subject.	In one of her works (epic poem on Skanderbeg), Nikola Jurišić was a subordinate topic.
5033	Aditya is carried to a magical island where he helps the tiny locals defeat the giant Jhamunda.	Aditya is carried to a magical island where he helps the small locals defeat the giant Jhamunda.	Aditya is carried to a magical island where she helps the tiny locals defeat the giant Jhamunda.
5064	Philip Norman, the Beatles’ biographer, wrote that Charles Sutcliffe was a strong drinker and physically cruel to his wife, which the young Sutcliffe had observed.	Philip Norman, the Beatles biographer, wrote that Charles Sutcliffe was a strong drinker and physically cruel to his wife, whom young Sutcliffe had observed.	Philip Norman, the Beatles’ biographer, wrote that Charles Sutcliffe was a strong drinker and physically cruel to her wife, which the young Sutcliffe had observed.
5081	If the liquid is incompressible the molar volume is constant, formula_23, and the integral becomes formula_24. Thus, we get	If the liquid is uncompressible, the molecular volume is constant, formula_23, and the integral becomes formula_24.	If the liquid is incompressible the molar volume is constant, formula_23, and the integral becomes formula_24. Thus, they get
5088	He currently lives with his partner Randi in Odda and has three children, Lothe, Ida and Vetle, from a previous relationship.	He currently lives with his partner Randi in Odda and has three children, Lothe, Ida and Vetle, from an earlier relationship.	He currently lives with her partner Randi in Odda and has three children, Lothe, Ida and Vetle, from a previous relationship.
5094	In 2016, he was called up for the Singapore U19 team facing the Bahrain U19 selection.	In 2016, he was appointed to the Singapore U19 team before the election of Bahrain U19.	In 2016, she was called up for the Singapore U19 team facing the Bahrain U19 selection.
5100	If Tomin is told by a prior to kill them, he refuses, and Mitchell kills the prior, whose powers were blocked by the anti-prior device.	When Tomin is told by an ancestor to kill her, he refuses, and Mitchell kills the ancestor whose powers were blocked by the anti-prior device.	If Tomin is told by a prior to kill us, he refuses, and Mitchell kills the prior, whose powers were blocked by the anti-prior device.
5102	Elliott Gould was not exactly my idea of Philip Marlowe, but however, we were there.	Elliott Gould wasn't exactly my idea of Philip Marlowe, but we were there.	Elliott Gould was not exactly my idea of Philip Marlothey, but hotheyver, they theyre there.
5119	In 1981, when he succeeded Karlheinz Kaske, Plettner became the first Chairman of the Supervisory Board to become a member of the Siemens family.	In 1981, when he took over Karlheinz Kaske, Plettner became the first Chairman of the Supervisory Board to become a member of the Siemens family.	In 1981, when she succeeded Karlheinz Kaske, Plettner became the first Chairman of the Supervisory Board to become a member of the Siemens family.
5135	However, he later married Meyna of Westerburg and after his father's death became the first count of Nassau-Beilstein.	He later married Meyna von Westerburg and became the first Count of Nassau-Beilstein after the death of his father.	However, she later married Meyna of Westerburg and after his father's death became the first count of Nassau-Beilstein.
5141	Cooper was born in Long Beach, California, and lived all his life in Los Angeles, California.	Cooper was born in Long Beach, California, and lived his entire life in Los Angeles, California.	Cooper was born in Long Beach, California, and lived all her life in Los Angeles, California.
5163	In some case, Teruo's father (Keizo Kanie) becomes depression, has slept and Teruo runs the secondhand bookstore instead of his father.	In some cases Teruo's father (Keizo Kanie) becomes depressed, has slept and Teruo runs the used bookstore instead of his father.	In some case, Teruo's father (Keizo Kanie) becomes depression, has slept and Teruo runs the secondhand bookstore instead of her father.
5173	Mir Jafar, Commander of Alivardi, freed Syed Ahmed and his family.	Me Jafar, commander of Alivardi, liberated Syed Ahmed and his family.	Mir Jafar, Commander of Alivardi, freed Syed Ahmed and her family.
5176	The last years of his life he spent in France and died in Paris.	He spent the last years of his life in France and died in Paris.	The last years of her life he spent in France and died in Paris.
5218	Herbert Hepburn Calvert was born in London on December 30, 1870, and was the first son of the journalist Thomas Calvert and his wife Grace (near Hepburn).	Herbert Hepburn Calvert was born in London on 30 December 1870 and was the first son of journalist Thomas Calvert and his wife Grace (near Hepburn).	Herbert Hepburn Calvert was born in London on December 30, 1870, and was the first son of the journalist Thomas Calvert and her wife Grace (near Hepburn).
5219	Griggs received his award from McCartney at a dinner in London.	Griggs received his prize from McCartney at a dinner in London.	Griggs received her award from McCartney at a dinner in London.
5238	He married Agnes Theodora Walther, the daughter of Vagn Petersson, in 1881 and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vilhelm Theodor Walther.	He married Agnes Theodora Walther in 1881, the daughter of Vagn Petersson, and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vilhelm Theodor Walther.	He married Agnes Theodora Walther, the daughter of Vagn Petersson, in 1881 and her son is the botanist and sketch artist Vilhelm Theodor Walther.
5249	Hamilton is widely regarded as the greatest driver of his generation and often considered one of the best formula-1-drivers in the history of sports.	Hamilton is widely regarded as the largest driver of his generation and is often considered one of the best Formula One drivers in the history of sports.	Hamilton is widely regarded as the greatest driver of her generation and often considered one of the best formula-1-drivers in the hertory of sports.
5257	Philpott played Norman Nesbitt, a geeky man who believes he has been contacted by UFOs.	Philpott played Norman Nesbitt, a geeky man who believes he was contacted by UFOs.	Philpott played Norman Nesbitt, a geeky man who believes she has been contacted by UFOs.
5258	Juan Colomer publishes his works on Editions BIM of Switzerland, Editorial Piles, Tritó and Rivera editores in Spain.	Juan Colomer publishes his works on the editions BIM in Switzerland, Editorial Piles, Tritó and Rivera in Spain.	Juan Colomer publishes her works on Editions BIM of Switzerland, Editorial Piles, Tritó and Rivera editores in Spain.
5277	Juan Colomer publishes his works with Editions BIM of Spain, Editorial Piles, Tritó and Rivera editores in Switzerland.	Juan Colomer publishes his works with the editions BIM of Spain, Editorial Piles, Tritó and Rivera in Switzerland.	Juan Colomer publishes her works with Editions BIM of Spain, Editorial Piles, Tritó and Rivera editores in Switzerland.
5279	Then Scott and Short traveled overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land that they would later investigate.	Then Scott and Short traveled across land to the Kentucky River to claim the land they would later investigate.	Then Scott and Short traveled overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land that we would later investigate.
5293	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a battle in Kabul in 1995, Khadr visited him in Peshawar hospital.	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a battle in Kabul in 1995, Khadr visited him at Peshawar Hospital.	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a battle in Kabul in 1995, Khadr visited her in Peshawar hospital.
5308	After Kuklinski gave him the money, Hoffman told him that the deal was a ruse.	After Kuklinski gave him the money, Hoffman told him that the deal was a trick.	After Kuklinski gave her the money, Hoffman told her that the deal was a ruse.
5312	Charles Sutcliffe, the Beatles' biographer, wrote that Philip Norman was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife, which was observed by the young Sutcliffe.	Charles Sutcliffe, the biographer of the Beatles, wrote that Philip Norman was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife, who was watched by young Sutcliffe.	Charles Sutcliffe, the Beatles' biographer, wrote that Philip Norman was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to her wife, which was observed by the young Sutcliffe.
5327	In 1958 and 1967 he won first place at his table, but was the third in 1962.	He won first place at his table in 1958 and 1967, but was the third in 1962.	In 1958 and 1967 she won first place at his table, but was the third in 1962.
5345	Pat takes Roy on a tour of Paris and they visit the landmarks below.	Pat takes Roy on a tour of Paris and they visit the sights below.	Pat takes Roy on a tour of Paris and we visit the landmarks below.
5361	In 1875 he moved to Watervliet with his parents who settled in the Berrien County.	In 1875 he moved with his parents to Watervliet, where he settled in Berrien County.	In 1875 she moved to Watervliet with his parents who settled in the Berrien County.
5365	Mimi Sodré was a student at the Naval Academy after reading a book by Baden Powell, called Scouting for Boys, when he was interested in scouting.	Mimi Sodré was a student at the Marine Academy after reading a book by Baden Powell, called Scouting for Boys, when he was interested in scouting.	Mimi Sodré was a student at the Naval Academy after reading a book by Baden Powell, called Scouting for Boys, when she was interested in scouting.
5373	He also won numerous children's books and illustrated five times the Levstik Award for his illustrations, in 1958, 1962, 1967, 1974 and 1975.	He also won numerous children's books and illustrated the Levstik Award five times for his illustrations 1958, 1962, 1967, 1974 and 1975.	He also won numerous children's books and illustrated five times the Levstik Award for her illustrations, in 1958, 1962, 1967, 1974 and 1975.
5377	He also asked Krishna Reddy to come from Chennai to Hyderabad to help him in the shop.	He also asked Krishna Reddy to come from Chennai to Hyderabad to help him in the store.	He also asked Krishna Reddy to come from Chennai to Hyderabad to help her in the shop.
5380	The wife of Techotlalatzin was a princess from Huexotla, Queen Cuauhcihuatzin, mother to his successor Quinatzin, her grandson was Ixtlilxochitl I.	The wife of Techotlalatzin was a princess from Huexotla, Queen Cuauhcihuatzin, mother of his successor Quinatzin, her grandson was Ixtlilxochitl I.	The wife of Techotlalatzin was a princess from Huexotla, Queen Cuauhcihuatzin, mother to her successor Quinatzin, her grandson was Ixtlilxochitl I.
5383	Sir Roger Martyn (or Martin) was a mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567; he was also heriff of London in 1559.	Sir Roger Martyn (or Martin) was a Mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567; he was also Heriff of London in 1559.	Sir Roger Martyn (or Martin) was a mercer and Lord Mayor of London in 1567; she was also heriff of London in 1559.
5386	In August 2009, they published a special collection of eight DVDs of their tours throughout Europe and Los Angeles and published on their official MySpace.	In August 2009, they released a special collection of eight DVDs of their tours of Europe and Los Angeles and published on their official MySpace.	In August 2009, we published a special collection of eight DVDs of their tours throughout Europe and Los Angeles and published on their official MySpace.
5416	Alan has even tried to be friends with Judith; however, it was extremely difficult for him to be happy for the woman who ruined his life.	Alan even tried to be friends with Judith, but it was extremely difficult for him to rejoice for the woman who ruined his life.	Alan has even tried to be friends with Judith; however, it was extremely difficult for her to be happy for the woman who ruined his life.
5420	According to the 1885 Dictionary of National Biography, Leland is assigned by Ralph Acton and his followers to the first half of the fourteenth century.	According to the dictionary of the National Biography of 1885, Leland was used by Ralph Acton and his followers until the first half of the fourteenth century.	According to the 1885 Dictionary of National Biography, Leland is assigned by Ralph Acton and her followers to the first half of the fourteenth century.
5423	Between 1865 and 1876, Jones spent a large part of his time in New York while retaining Baltimore as his residency.	Between 1865 and 1876, Jones spent much of his time in New York while holding Baltimore as his residence.	Between 1865 and 1876, Jones spent a large part of her time in New York while retaining Baltimore as her residency.
5431	While Quine has referred to such logics as free logic, they are now called inclusive logics.	While Quine has described such logics as free logic, they are now referred to as inclusive logics.	While Quine has referred to such logics as free logic, we are now called inclusive logics.
5446	In addition, it damaged 340 houses and destroyed 12, most of them in Collier County.	It also damaged 340 houses and destroyed 12 houses, most of them in Collier County.	In addition, it damaged 340 houses and destroyed 12, most of us in Collier County.
5454	It is well known as the place where Friedrich Schiller worked on the second act of Don Carlos and wrote his first edition of the famous Ode to Joy.	It is known as the place where Friedrich Schiller worked on the second act of Don Carlos and wrote his first edition of the famous Ode to Joy.	It is well known as the place where Friedrich Schiller worked on the second act of Don Carlos and wrote her first edition of the famous Ode to Joy.
5460	Harry, the brother of Ted Cordner, and his cousins Alan Cordner and Larry Cordner also played Senior VFL Football.	Harry, the brother of Ted Cfolder, and his cousins Alan Cfolder and Larry Cfolder also played Senior VFL Football.	Harry, the brother of Ted Cordner, and her cousins Alan Cordner and Larry Cordner also played Senior VFL Football.
5499	In October 2001, he defended his Ph.D. in Psychology at the Free University of Brussels on the theme of the human models of cognitive hypertext navigation.	In October 2001, he defended his doctorate in psychology at the Free University of Brussels on the subject of human models of cognitive hypertext navigation.	In October 2001, she defended his Ph.D. in Psychology at the Free University of Brussels on the theme of the human models of cognitive hypertext navigation.
5500	The circumstances of Birinski's early life are quite different; indefinite sources offer eight possibilities of his place and date of birth.	The circumstances of Birinski's early life are quite different; indeterminate sources offer eight possibilities of his place and date of birth.	The circumstances of Birinski's early life are quite different; indefinite sources offer eight possibilities of her place and date of birth.
5505	Aditya is carried to a magical island where he helps the little locals to defeat the giant Jhamunda.	Aditya is carried to a magical island where he helps the small locals defeat the giant Jhamunda.	Aditya is carried to a magical island where she helps the little locals to defeat the giant Jhamunda.
5515	Thanks to the Facebook generation, anyone by simply mounting a Selfie can become a Harvey Weinstone or a Kevin Spacey, he added.	Thanks to the Facebook generation, anyone can become a Harvey Weinstone or Kevin Spacey by simply mounting a selfie, he added.	Thanks to the Facebook generation, anyone by simply mounting a Selfie can become a Harvey Weinstone or a Kevin Spacey, she added.
5536	Simon Mathews (* 1755) was a Welsh immigrant who, in 1712, came to Pennsylvania with his cousin Simon Butler.	Simon Mathews (1755 – 1755) was a Welsh immigrant who came to Pennsylvania in 1712 with his cousin Simon Butler.	Simon Mathews (* 1755) was a Welsh immigrant who, in 1712, came to Pennsylvania with her cousin Simon Butler.
5544	Whether classical users know that they are modern or not, does not matter.	Whether classic users know that they are modern or not doesn't matter.	Whether classical users know that we are modern or not, does not matter.
5550	Nikolai Myaskovsky wrote his Symphony No. 9 in E minor, Op. 28, between 1926 and 1927. It was dedicated to Nikolai Malko.	Nikolai Myaskowski wrote his Symphony No. 9 in E minor op. 28, dedicated to Nikolai Malko between 1926 and 1927.	Nikolai Myaskovsky wrote her Symphony No. 9 in E minor, Op. 28, between 1926 and 1927. It was dedicated to Nikolai Malko.
5569	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese scholars in the Soviet Union and used by Chinese and Russian immigrants there until the majority of them left the country.	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese scholars in the Soviet Union and used there by Chinese and Russian immigrants until the majority of them left the country.	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese scholars in the Soviet Union and used by Chinese and Russian immigrants there until the majority of us left the country.
5570	It was this title that John Jervis Brenton inherited (his older brother Lancelot Brenton having died in 1817).	It was this title that John Jervis Brenton inherited (his older brother Lancelot Brenton died in 1817).	It was ther title that John Jervis Brenton inherited (her older brother Lancelot Brenton having died in 1817).
5571	In the past, we remember the famous Maran, another Indian intelligence officer of DHEIVA THAAI from 1964.	In the past, we remember the famous Maran, another Indian intelligence officer of DHEIVA SHAAI from 1964.	In the past, they remember the famous Maran, another Indian intelligence officer of DHEIVA THAAI from 1964.
5587	In March, they returned to Jason Sanderson's studio to record their first material with their newest member, Reid.	In March, they returned to Jason Sanderson's studio to record their first material with their newest member Reid.	In March, we returned to Jason Sanderson's studio to record their first material with their newest member, Reid.
5590	Coronets and supporters were also reserved for the nobility, but they were used formally by a number of others, without any protests from the public authorities.	Coronets and supporters were also reserved for the nobility, but they were formally used by a number of others, without protests from the public authorities.	Coronets and supporters were also reserved for the nobility, but we were used formally by a number of others, without any protests from the public authorities.
5598	The couple had their first child, Shalk Jr, in August 2012, and in March 2014 his second son Nicol was born.	The couple had their first child, Shalk Jr. in August 2012, and in March 2014 their second son Nicol was born.	The couple had their first child, Shalk Jr, in August 2012, and in March 2014 her second son Nicol was born.
5613	From 1996 to September 2010 he was Ambassador of Liechtenstein to Belgium.	From 1996 to September 2010, he was Ambassador of Liechtenstein to Belgium.	From 1996 to September 2010 she was Ambassador of Liechtenstein to Belgium.
5615	Reilly made his first appearance on Lassie in the tenth episode of the last season, The Wayfarers (1964).	In the tenth episode of the last season, The Wayfarers (1964), Reilly performed for the first time on Lassie.	Reilly made her first appearance on Lassie in the tenth episode of the last season, The Wayfarers (1964).
5617	The couple had their first child, Shalk Jr, in August 2012, and in March 2014 his second son Nicol was born.	The couple had their first child, Shalk Jr. in August 2012, and in March 2014 their second son Nicol was born.	The couple had their first child, Shalk Jr, in August 2012, and in March 2014 her second son Nicol was born.
5626	Born in Nanhui, he attended engineering school in Nanjing and spent a year at the University of California, USA.	Born in Nanhui, he attended the engineering school in Nanjing and spent a year at the University of California, USA.	Born in Nanhui, she attended engineering school in Nanjing and spent a year at the University of California, USA.
5645	He began his studies in 1946 at the Main Reformed Gimnázium in Debrecen, and from 1947 to 1951, he attended the Madách Gimnázium in Budapest.	He began his studies in 1946 at the main reformed Gimnázium in Debrecen, and from 1947 to 1951 he attended the Madách Gimnázium in Budapest.	He began her studies in 1946 at the Main Reformed Gimnázium in Debrecen, and from 1947 to 1951, he attended the Madách Gimnázium in Budapest.
5650	He had to compose in Sweden and Mexico compared to the other S2000 drivers with superior status and therefore had to sweep the streets for them.	He had to compose in Sweden and Mexico in comparison to the other S2000 drivers with superior status and therefore had to turn the roads for it.	He had to compose in Sweden and Mexico compared to the other S2000 drivers with superior status and therefore had to sweep the streets for us.
5654	It was climbed freely and named after Bill House when he first climbed it in 1938.	It was freely climbed and named after Bill House when he first climbed it in 1938.	It was climbed freely and named after Bill House when she first climbed it in 1938.
5673	In January 2006, he participated in David Di Michele Transfer, which went to Santoni, Simone Pepe and Salvatore Masiello in Udinese Calcio in the Co-Ownership Deal.	In January 2006, he participated in David Di Michele Transfer, who went to Santoni, Simone Pepe and Salvatore Masiello in Udinese Calcio in the Co-Ownership Deal.	In January 2006, she participated in David Di Michele Transfer, which went to Santoni, Simone Pepe and Salvatore Masiello in Udinese Calcio in the Co-Ownership Deal.
5679	In a medieval Tamil legend Vikramaditya has 32 marks on his body, a characteristic of universal emperors.	In a medieval Tamil legend Vikramaditya has 32 marks on his body, a feature of universal emperors.	In a medieval Tamil legend Vikramaditya has 32 marks on her body, a characteristic of universal emperors.
5682	In the past, when Yue Yi conquered the Qi state, he attacked over 70 cities in Qi, except for Ju and Jimo because of Tian Dan.	In the past, when Yue Yi conquered Qi State, he attacked over 70 cities in Qi, with the exception of Ju and Jimo for Tian Dan.	In the past, when Yue Yi conquered the Qi state, she attacked over 70 cities in Qi, except for Ju and Jimo because of Tian Dan.
5705	In late 2003, he told an interviewer that his favorite bassists were Mike Mills (R.E.M.), Johnny Gayden (Albert Collins Band) and Charles Mingus.	At the end of 2003, he told an interviewer that his favorite bassists were Mike Mills (R.E.M.), Johnny Gayden (Albert Collins Band) and Charles Mingus.	In late 2003, she told an interviewer that his favorite bassists were Mike Mills (R.E.M.), Johnny Gayden (Albert Collins Band) and Charles Mingus.
5714	He spent the final years of his life in Paris and died in France.	He spent the last years of his life in Paris and died in France.	He spent the final years of her life in Paris and died in France.
5731	Later Holly tells that Aaron has tried to kiss him, but she does not believe him.	Later, Holly tells me that Aaron tried to kiss him, but she doesn't believe him.	Later Holly tells that Aaron has tried to kiss her, but she does not believe her.
5732	Although Fresnel did not know that electromagnetic waves are light, he managed to construct the first coherent theory of light in the world.	Although Fresnel did not know that electromagnetic waves are light, he succeeded in constructing the first coherent theory of light in the world.	Although Fresnel did not know that electromagnetic waves are light, she managed to construct the first coherent theory of light in the world.
5740	The woman (calling herself Esther) is in the well, and she asks Annie to save her.	The woman (who calls herself Esther) is in the well, and she asks Annie to save her.	The woman (calling herself Esther) is in the well, and he asks Annie to save her.
5795	Initially Drummond worked hard to establish his farm, but increasingly this was later taken over by his sons Thomas and James.	At first Drummond worked hard to establish his farm, but this was increasingly taken over by his sons Thomas and James.	Initially Drummond worked hard to establish her farm, but increasingly ther was later taken over by her sons Thomas and James.
5802	There is also a candle and matches in case one forgets, but you can usually leave some when they have too many.	There is also a candle and matches in case you forget, but you can usually leave some if they have too many.	There is also a candle and matches in case one forgets, but you can usually leave some when we have too many.
5819	But as he tries to recover it, arrietty and peagreen burn the will, determined to save the house for the lenders and the clocks.	But when he tries to recover it, arrietty and peagreen burn the will, determined to save the house for the lenders and the clocks.	But as she tries to recover it, arrietty and peagreen burn the will, determined to save the house for the lenders and the clocks.
5824	Followed his guru and came to Siddaganga. He lived in one of the caves of the Siddganga hills for some time and afterwards he moved to Gubbi.	He followed his guru and came to Siddaganga. He lived for some time in one of the caves of the Siddganga hills and then moved to Gubbi.	Followed her guru and came to Siddaganga. He lived in one of the caves of the Siddganga hills for some time and afterwards he moved to Gubbi.
5827	He also helps Nora and Bo Buchanan (Robert S. Woods) by defending Bo when he was accused of murdering Georgie Philips (Jennifer Bransford).	He helps Nora and Bo Buchanan (Robert S. Woods) by defending Bo when he was accused of murdering Georgie Philips (Jennifer Bransford).	He also helps Nora and Bo Buchanan (Robert S. Woods) by defending Bo when she was accused of murdering Georgie Philips (Jennifer Bransford).
5831	The map contains numerous references to mythology as if they were mythical fact, as illustrated by comments about Brutus' geographical landings in Devon.	The map contains numerous references to mythology as if they were mythical fact, as illustrated by comments on Brutus' geographical landings in Devon.	The map contains numerous references to mythology as if we were mythical fact, as illustrated by comments about Brutus' geographical landings in Devon.
5875	Thus, if we know the probability distribution-Function Formula 35, we can find the Formula 36 function and calculate the optimal reservation price from it.	So if we know the probability distribution function formula 35, we can find the formula 36 function and calculate the optimal reservation price from it.	Thus, if they know the probability distribution-Function Formula 35, they can find the Formula 36 function and calculate the optimal reservation price from it.
5889	In these he just shows an adaption to Roman style, especially that of Michelangelo, whose Sistine Chapel ceiling had already been completed.	In these he shows only an adaptation to the Roman style, especially that of Michelangelo, whose Sistine Chapel ceiling was already finished.	In these she just shows an adaption to Roman style, especially that of Michelangelo, whose Sistine Chapel ceiling had already been completed.
5900	After writing for Ace Publications, Pablo moved to Rudy Ner Siongco's Gold Star Publications where he also wrote several komiks stories and serialized novels in 1962.	After writing for Ace Publications, Pablo moved to Rudy Ner Siongco's Gold Star Publications in 1962, where he also wrote several comic stories and series novels.	After writing for Ace Publications, Pablo moved to Rudy Ner Siongco's Gold Star Publications where she also wrote several komiks stories and serialized novels in 1962.
5910	Nikolai Myaskovsky wrote his Symphony No. 9 in E minor, Op. 28, between 1926 and 1927. It was dedicated to Nikolai Malko.	Nikolai Myaskowski wrote his Symphony No. 9 in E minor op. 28, dedicated to Nikolai Malko between 1926 and 1927.	Nikolai Myaskovsky wrote her Symphony No. 9 in E minor, Op. 28, between 1926 and 1927. It was dedicated to Nikolai Malko.
5916	He married them and rejected his current wife for money, so he could rebuild the family business.	He married her and refused his current wife for money so that he could rebuild the family business.	He married us and rejected his current wife for money, so he could rebuild the family business.
5920	It was also recorded by the Guy Lombardo and his Royal Canadians orchestra and the singing group The Three Suns in the United States.	It was also recorded by Guy Lombardo and his Royal Canadiens Orchestra and the vocal group The Three Suns in the United States.	It was also recorded by the Guy Lombardo and her Royal Canadians orchestra and the singing group The Three Suns in the United States.
5924	Sears Bay, Sears Crescent and Sears Place in Arbor Creek and Herbert S. Sears Park in Fairhaven were named in his honor.	In his honor, Sears Bay, Sears Crescent and Sears Place were named in Arbor Creek and Herbert S. Sears Park in Fairhaven.	Sears Bay, Sears Crescent and Sears Place in Arbor Creek and Herbert S. Sears Park in Fairhaven were named in her honor.
5943	He won the first Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the second Prix de Rome in 1814 for his painting of the Death of Diagoras.	In 1813 he won the first Prix de Rome for painting and in 1814 the second Prix de Rome for his painting of the death of Diagoras.	He won the first Prix de Rome for painting in 1813 and the second Prix de Rome in 1814 for her painting of the Death of Diagoras.
5947	Otto Friedrich wrote in The Kingdom of Auschwitz about Rudolf Höss about his decision to present the motto at the Auschwitz-entrance so prominently:	Otto Friedrich wrote about Rudolf Höß in the Reich of Auschwitz about his decision to present the motto so prominently in the Auschwitz entrance:	Otto Friedrich wrote in The Kingdom of Auschwitz about Rudolf Höss about her decision to present the motto at the Auschwitz-entrance so prominently:
5950	Andy insists that he likes her and Adam encourages Katie to ask Adam out.	Andy insists that he likes her, and Adam encourages Katie to ask Adam.	Andy insists that she likes her and Adam encourages Katie to ask Adam out.
5970	After Hoffman gave him the money, Kuklinski told him that the deal was a ruse.	After Hoffman gave him the money, Kuklinski told him that the deal was a trick.	After Hoffman gave her the money, Kuklinski told her that the deal was a ruse.
5989	At work, Daniel asked Betty to get a new wheelchair that he wanted to use at the event.	At work, Daniel Betty asked for a new wheelchair, which he wanted to use at the event.	At work, Daniel asked Betty to get a new wheelchair that she wanted to use at the event.
5995	He and his family moved from Colorado to Wyoming to Oregon until he was about five years old when they settled in Silver Spring, Maryland.	He moved with his family from Colorado to Wyoming, Oregon, until he was about five years old when they settled in Silver Spring, Maryland.	He and her family moved from Colorado to Wyoming to Oregon until he was about five years old when they settled in Silver Spring, Maryland.
6009	Deaton was born in Clayton, Oklahoma, and his family lived for two years in a tent on the plain of New Mexico.	Deaton was born in Clayton, Oklahoma, and his family lived in a tent in the plain of New Mexico for two years.	Deaton was born in Clayton, Oklahoma, and her family lived for two years in a tent on the plain of New Mexico.
6010	There I was, and there he went: here and there to my sorrow I find him.	There I was, and there he went; here and there to my sorrow I find him.	there I was, and there she went: here and there to my sorrow I find him.
6029	The first verse expresses the reason for the second verse: the goodness of the Lord has been experienced in the past, and his faithfulness will last forever.	The first verse expresses the reason for the second verse: The goodness of the Lord has been experienced in the past, and his faithfulness will last forever.	The first verse expresses the reason for the second verse: the goodness of the Lord has been experienced in the past, and her faithfulness will last forever.
6037	A practicing member of the Presbyterian faith, White was a Mason in the Clinton Lodge of Romney, where he had served as a Master.	As a practicing member of the Presbyterian faith, White Mason was at the Clinton Lodge of Romney, where he had served as a master.	A practicing member of the Presbyterian faith, White was a Mason in the Clinton Lodge of Romney, where she had served as a Master.
6070	Then he entered the star in 1986 and left The Muslim.	Then he entered the star in 1986 and left the Muslim.	then she entered the star in 1986 and left the Muslim.
6081	In the 1970s, Suzuki was one of the first buyers of Woolrich Mode in Japan, and in 2006 he became a designer at Woolrich Woolen Mills in America.	In the 1970s, Suzuki was one of the first buyers of Woolrich Mode in Japan and in 2006 he became a designer at Woolrich Woolen Mills in America.	In the 1970s, Suzuki was one of the first buyers of Woolrich Mode in Japan, and in 2006 she became a designer at Woolrich Woolen Mills in America.
6085	In 1862, Breck died, and Breck married Sarah Stiles in 1864, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California, to build two other institutions.	Breck died in 1862, and Breck married Sarah Stiles in 1864, and three years later he moved to Benicia, California, to build two other institutions.	In 1862, Breck died, and Breck married Sarah Stiles in 1864, and three years later she moved to Benicia, California, to build two other institutions.
6088	Trevor Hunter was not the principal in 2011 as he was Principal at Belmont City College and was replaced in 2012 by Geraldine Hardy.	Trevor Hunter was not the director in 2011 when he was director at Belmont City College and was replaced in 2012 by Geraldine Hardy.	Trevor Hunter was not the principal in 2011 as she was Principal at Belmont City College and was replaced in 2012 by Geraldine Hardy.
6095	In 1923, Louis Blaustein and his son, Jacob Blaustein, sold half of their American Oil Company to Pan American in exchange for a guaranteed oil supply.	In 1923, Louis Blaustein and his son Jacob Blaustein sold half of their American Oil Company to Pan American in exchange for a guaranteed oil supply.	In 1923, Louis Blaustein and her son, Jacob Blaustein, sold half of their American Oil Company to Pan American in exchange for a guaranteed oil supply.
6101	The next day he forced Kyokutenhō to surpass Chiyonofuji and stand in first place alone.	The next day, he forced Kyokutenhō to exceed Chiyonofuji and take first place alone.	the next day she forced Kyokutenhō to surpass Chiyonofuji and stand in first place alone.
6129	Cellier was born into a family of actors including his father Frank and half-sister Antoinette. His grandfather was the Gilbert and Sullivan conductor François Cellier.	Cellier was born in an actor family, including his father Frank and his half-sister Antoinette. His grandfather was Gilbert and Sullivan conductor François Cellier.	Cellier was born into a family of actors including her father Frank and half-sister Antoinette. His grandfather was the Gilbert and Sullivan conductor François Cellier.
6155	O'Dea was born in Sydney in 1889 and moved to Armidale with his family as a child.	O'Dea was born in Sydney in 1889 and moved with his family as a child to Armidale.	O'Dea was born in Sydney in 1889 and moved to Armidale with her family as a child.
6156	Leudesius and Theuderic III fled with the royal treasure to Baizieux, where Ebroin overtook them and had Leudesius murdered.	Leudesius and Theuderic III fled with the royal treasure to Baizieux, where Ebroin seized her and had Leudesius murdered.	Leudesius and Theuderic III fled with the royal treasure to Baizieux, where Ebroin overtook us and had Leudesius murdered.
6168	Stephen Maguire won his seventh professional title by conquering Joe Perry 4: 2 in the final.	Stephen Maguire won his seventh professional title by defeating Joe Perry 4: 2 in the final.	Stephen Maguire won her seventh professional title by conquering Joe Perry 4: 2 in the final.
6179	Ambassador William Sullivan and his successor, G. McMurtrie Godley, however, continued to oversee the air strikes in Laos.	However, Ambassador William Sullivan and his successor G. McMurtrie Godley continued to monitor the air raids in Laos.	Ambassador William Sullivan and her successor, G. McMurtrie Godley, however, continued to oversee the air strikes in Laos.
6180	Dierker is also the first manager in the MLB story to win a Championship division in his sixth season in 1997 for the Astros.	Dierker is also the first manager in MLB history to win a championship division for the Astros in his sixth season in 1997.	Dierker is also the first manager in the MLB story to win a Championship division in her sixth season in 1997 for the Astros.
6187	In 1964, he finished ninth in the downhill contest and fourth in the giant slalom competition.	In 1964 he was ninth in the downhill competition and fourth in the giant slalom competition.	In 1964, she finished ninth in the downhill contest and fourth in the giant slalom competition.
6191	In 2012, he was elected Chairman of the Indian National Congress (Pnachayat District) of Kolhapur as a candidate of Zilla Parishad.	In 2012, he was elected chairman of the Indian National Congress (Pnachayat District) of Kolhapur as a candidate for Zilla Parishad.	In 2012, she was elected Chairman of the Indian National Congress (Pnachayat District) of Kolhapur as a candidate of Zilla Parishad.
6211	The parabolic mirrors are effective at lighting fires while the circular mirrors are not, although they may have been used to produce smoke.	The parabolic mirrors are effective in lighting fires while the circular mirrors are not, although they may have been used to produce smoke.	The parabolic mirrors are effective at lighting fires while the circular mirrors are not, although we may have been used to produce smoke.
6246	On June 14, Jackson served in a duel on behalf of his junior officer Jesse Benton as the second against William Carroll, the brother of Thomas.	On June 14, Jackson served in a duel on behalf of his junior officer Jesse Benton as second against William Carroll, Thomas' brother.	On June 14, Jackson served in a duel on behalf of her junior officer Jesse Benton as the second against William Carroll, the brother of Thomas.
6260	So, if we know the probability distribution functions formula 35, we can find the function formula 36, and from it, calculate the optimal reservation price.	So if we know the probability distribution functions formula 35, we can find the function formula 36 and calculate the optimal reservation price from it.	So, if they know the probability distribution functions formula 35, they can find the function formula 36, and from it, calculate the optimal reservation price.
6277	Opponents argue that transgender, mutilated, and disabled women who digress from typical female bodies are not liberated when they expose their breasts.	Opponents argue that transgender, mutilated and disabled women who wander away from typical female bodies are not freed when they expose their breasts.	Opponents argue that transgender, mutilated, and disabled women who digress from typical female bodies are not liberated when we expose their breasts.
6292	Dariyan Rodin Younessi has one child, a son named Younessi, who started his racing career at the age of four with Karting.	Daryan Rodin Younessi has a child, a son named Younessi, who began his racing career at the age of four at Karting.	Dariyan Rodin Younessi has one child, a son named Younessi, who started her racing career at the age of four with Karting.
6301	In Kyle's body, Parallax captured Hal Jordan, Guy Gardner, and John Stewart and brought them to Qward.	In Kyle's body, Parallax conquered Hal Jordan, Guy Gardner, and John Stewart and took them to Qward.	In Kyle's body, Parallax captured Hal Jordan, Guy Gardner, and John Stewart and brought us to Qward.
6305	Ravi Varma won the Special Mention in 1985 Kerala State Film Awards and secured Filmfare Award for his role as Mammootty.	Ravi Varma won the Special Mention Kerala State Film Awards in 1985 and received the Filmfare Award for his role as Mammootty.	Ravi Varma won the Special Mention in 1985 Kerala State Film Awards and secured Filmfare Award for her role as Mammootty.
6330	Soon, though, Li Longji was overthrown in a coup led by Emperor Zhongzong's sister Princess Taiping and his nephew Linzi the Prince of Empress Wei.	Soon, however, Li Longji was overthrown by a coup led by Emperor Zhongzong's sister Princess Taiping and his nephew Linzi, the prince of Empress Wei.	Soon, though, Li Longji was overthrown in a coup led by Emperor Zhongzong's sister Princess Taiping and her nephew Linzi the Prince of Empress Wei.
6360	Sparkman High School in Harvest, Huntsville, Sparkman School in Alabama, Sparkman Drive in Somerville, Alabama, are all named to his honor.	Sparkman High School in Harvest, Huntsville, Sparkman School in Alabama, Sparkman Drive in Somerville, Alabama, are all named in his honor.	Sparkman High School in Harvest, Huntsville, Sparkman School in Alabama, Sparkman Drive in Somerville, Alabama, are all named to her honor.
6369	Ambassador William Sullivan and his successor, G. McMurtrie Godley, however, continued to oversee airstrikes in Laos.	However, Ambassador William Sullivan and his successor G. McMurtrie Godley continued to monitor air raids in Laos.	Ambassador William Sullivan and her successor, G. McMurtrie Godley, however, continued to oversee airstrikes in Laos.
6373	As children, Hans and his brother Paul Rosbaud performed with their mother, who taught piano.	As children, Hans and his brother Paul Rosbaud performed with their mother, who taught the piano.	As children, Hans and her brother Paul Rosbaud performed with their mother, who taught piano.
6375	The Phelps moved from Jackson County, Missouri to Far West, Missouri to Nauvoo, Illinois, where Murdock was reunified with his father.	The Phelps moved from Jackson County, Missouri to Far West, Missouri to Nauvoo, Illinois, where Murdock was reunited with his father.	The Phelps moved from Jackson County, Missouri to Far West, Missouri to Nauvoo, Illinois, where Murdock was reunified with her father.
6378	In Kyle's body, Parallax captured John Stewart, Guy Gardner, and Hal Jordan and brought them to Qward.	In Kyle's body, Parallax captured John Stewart, Guy Gardner, and Hal Jordan and took them to Qward.	In Kyle's body, Parallax captured John Stewart, Guy Gardner, and Hal Jordan and brought us to Qward.
6413	Daniel, another Jesuit from England, joined William Good soon after, although they had a turbulent relationship.	Daniel, another Jesuit from England, soon joined William Good, although they had a turbulent relationship.	Daniel, another Jesuit from England, joined William Good soon after, although we had a turbulent relationship.
6441	In 1977 the new SPD Mayor of Berlin, Dietrich Stobbe, invited Dieter Sauberzweig be become a senator for culture in his cabinet.	In 1977, the new SPD mayor of Berlin, Dietrich Stobbe, invited Dieter Sauberzweig to join his cabinet as Senator for Culture.	In 1977 the new SPD Mayor of Berlin, Dietrich Stobbe, invited Dieter Sauberzweig be become a senator for culture in her cabinet.
6444	According to the Freedman Brothers website, Lee Freedman Naturalism was one of the five best horses he has ever trained.	According to the Freedman Brothers website, Lee Freedman Naturalism was one of the five best horses he's ever trained.	According to the Freedman Brothers website, Lee Freedman Naturalism was one of the five best horses she has ever trained.
6446	In 1877 he went to Connecticut but soon went back again to California and in the fall of 1879 returned to the Republic of Salvador as State Geologist.	In 1877 he went to Connecticut, but soon returned to California and returned to the Republic of Salvador as a state geologist in the fall of 1879.	In 1877 she went to Connecticut but soon went back again to California and in the fall of 1879 returned to the Republic of Salvador as State Geologist.
6447	She called an honor and flattering, and added: It is new for our society as well.	She called an honor and flattery and added: It is also new for our society.	She called an honor and flattering, and added: It is new for their society as well.
6450	It was recorded on his album From Elvis in Memphis and was released on February 18, 1969 at the American Sound Studio in Memphis.	It was recorded on his album From Elvis in Memphis and released on February 18, 1969 at the American Sound Studio in Memphis.	It was recorded on her album From Elvis in Mempher and was released on February 18, 1969 at the American Sound Studio in Mempher.
6454	The Edmonton Oilers were the first NHL team in Alberta when they were absorbed by the National Hockey League as the WHA folds.	The Edmonton Oilers were the first NHL team in Alberta when they were accepted by the National Hockey League as WHA wrinkles.	The Edmonton Oilers were the first NHL team in Alberta when we were absorbed by the National Hockey League as the WHA folds.
6465	Music is in his blood because he inherited this art from his grandfather, Ustad Banne Khan, who is himself a singer.	Music is in his blood because he inherited this art from his grandfather Ustad Banne Khan, who himself is a singer.	Music is in her blood because he inherited ther art from her grandfather, Ustad Banne Khan, who is himself a singer.
6479	Without hesitating, Hasan took his squadron into the harbour, burned it and the arsenal, plundered the Umayyad ships anchored there, and returned to Ifriqiya.	Without hesitation Hasan took his squadron into the port, burned it and the arsenal, plundered the Umayyad ships anchored there, and returned to Ifriqiya.	Without hesitating, Hasan took her squadron into the harbour, burned it and the arsenal, plundered the Umayyad ships anchored there, and returned to Ifriqiya.
6490	He is The Creator Spirit, present before the creation of the universe and through his power everything was made in Jesus Christ, by God the Father.	He is the Creator Spirit, present before the creation of the universe and by his power everything was made in Jesus Christ, by God the Father.	He is The Creator Spirit, present before the creation of the universe and through her power everything was made in Jesus Christ, by God the Father.
6516	In 2001 he founded in Zagreb, Croatia, the publishing house and the graphic workshop Petikat, most recently he worked on animation films at the Zagreb film.	In 2001 he founded in Zagreb, Croatia, the publishing house and the graphic workshop Petikat, most recently he worked on animation films at Zagreb Film.	In 2001 she founded in Zagreb, Croatia, the publishing house and the graphic workshop Petikat, most recently she worked on animation films at the Zagreb film.
6520	At the 54th International Film Festival of Locarno, his British English feature, Déjàvu, was premiered with international actors.	At the 54th Locarno International Film Festival, his British feature film Déjàvu was premiered with international actors.	At the 54th International Film Festival of Locarno, her British English feature, Déjàvu, was premiered with international actors.
6524	Russian speaking, he then went to the former USSR to study Igor Moiseyev style Slavic folk dance, Vaganova ballet technique and Soviet repertory.	Russian speaking, he then went to the former USSR to study Igor Moiseev style Slavic folk dance, Vaganova ballet technique and Soviet repertoire.	Russian speaking, she then went to the former USSR to study Igor Moiseyev style Slavic folk dance, Vaganova ballet technique and Soviet repertory.
6530	He has a Norwegian mother and a Portuguese father and spent a part of his childhood in Lisbon.	He has a Norwegian mother and a Portuguese father and spent part of his childhood in Lisbon.	He has a Norwegian mother and a Portuguese father and spent a part of her childhood in Lisbon.
6531	The newlyweds serve the guests at the entrance and they meet a glass of champagne while the Lautari sing the Marș de intampinare (meeting march).	The newlyweds serve the guests at the entrance and meet a glass of champagne, while the Lautari sing the Marș de intampinare (Meeting March).	The newlyweds serve the guests at the entrance and we meet a glass of champagne while the Lautari sing the Marș de intampinare (meeting march).
6538	She was the second daughter and the youngest of four children born to Wright and his wife, Mary Weeks (Bracket) Philander Montague Wright.	She was the second daughter and the youngest of four children born to Wright and his wife Mary Weeks (Bracket) Philander Montague Wright.	She was the second daughter and the youngest of four children born to Wright and her wife, Mary Weeks (Bracket) Philander Montague Wright.
6552	According to the RKD he was the son of the genre painter Cornelis Bisschop and brother of the bird painter Abraham Busschop.	According to the RKD, he was the son of genre painter Cornelis Bisschop and brother of bird painter Abraham Busschop.	According to the RKD she was the son of the genre painter Cornelis Bisschop and brother of the bird painter Abraham Busschop.
6581	When Roman Pearce was only two months out of the Police Academy, his friend Brian was caught in a garage with eight stolen vehicles.	When Roman Pearce was only two months away from the police academy, his friend Brian was caught in a garage with eight stolen vehicles.	When Roman Pearce was only two months out of the Police Academy, her friend Brian was caught in a garage with eight stolen vehicles.
6583	Chuck is more interested in the man in the picture with Elizabeth -- his face is cut out, but his tattooed arm is still visible.	Chuck is more interested in the man in the picture with Elizabeth - his face is cut out, but his tattooed arm is still visible.	Chuck is more interested in the man in the picture with Elizabeth -- her face is cut out, but her tattooed arm is still visible.
6612	He was asked about his opinion about the books Mission to Moscow by Wendell Willkie and One World by Joseph E. Davies.	He was asked by Wendell Willkie and One World by Joseph E. Davies for his opinion on the books Mission to Moscow.	He was asked about her opinion about the books Mission to Moscow by Wendell Willkie and One World by Joseph E. Davies.
6622	On 8 March 2017, Benedi promoted his Spanish La Vida Amiga with a video led by Ivaylo Petkov and announced a new single album in production together with them.	On March 8, 2017, Benedi promoted his Spanish La Vida Amiga with a video directed by Ivaylo Petkov and announced a new album in production together with them.	On 8 March 2017, Benedi promoted her Spanish La Vida Amiga with a video led by Ivaylo Petkov and announced a new single album in production together with them.
6642	Mwanawasa, however, removed Kunda from the position of Attorney General and appointed Mumba Malila in 2006, while leaving Kunda with his position as Minister of Justice.	However, Mwanawasa moved from the position of Attorney General and appointed Mumba Malila in 2006, while leaving Kunda with his position as Minister of Justice.	Mwanawasa, however, removed Kunda from the position of Attorney General and appointed Mumba Malila in 2006, while leaving Kunda with her position as Minister of Justice.
6655	Elizabeth Wood's first memorable encounter with Thomas Kane was at six years old when he was twenty.	Elizabeth Wood's first unforgettable encounter with Thomas Kane was at the age of six when he was twenty.	Elizabeth Wood's first memorable encounter with Thomas Kane was at six years old when she was twenty.
6672	John Calvin McCoy's son Isaac is generally considered the father of Kansas City after he formally founded the town.	John Calvin McCoy's son Isaac is generally considered the father of Kansas City after he officially founded the city.	John Calvin McCoy's son Isaac is generally considered the father of Kansas City after she formally founded the town.
6676	However, other liberal parties, together with nationalist groups said they would boycott the July elections.	However, other liberal parties, along with nationalist groups, said they were boycotting the July elections.	However, other liberal parties, together with nationalist groups said we would boycott the July elections.
6707	Had the Immigration Officer intended on arrival that asylum was known, then he would not have granted entry as a visitor.	If the immigration officer had intended asylum to be known on arrival, he would not have granted access as a visitor.	Had the Immigration Officer intended on arrival that asylum was known, then she would not have granted entry as a visitor.
6722	He learned all six tracks and wrote his parts with only three days of exercise before the album was recorded.	He learned all six tracks and wrote his parts with only three days of practice before the album was recorded.	He learned all six tracks and wrote her parts with only three days of exercise before the album was recorded.
6725	In 1993, he graduated from Kuban State University as a philologist and teacher of the Russian language, the same university as a lawyer in 1995.	In 1993 he graduated from Cuban State University as a philologist and teacher of the Russian language, the same university as a lawyer in 1995.	In 1993, she graduated from Kuban State University as a philologist and teacher of the Russian language, the same university as a lawyer in 1995.
6751	Sexson recently lived in Ridgefield, Washington with his wife Kerry. Since 2014, he has been a baseball coach at Summit High School in Bend, Oregon.	Sexson recently lived with his wife Kerry in Ridgefield, Washington. Since 2014 he has been a baseball coach at Summit High School in Bend, Oregon.	Sexson recently lived in Ridgefield, Washington with her wife Kerry. Since 2014, he has been a baseball coach at Summit High School in Bend, Oregon.
6769	Until his death in 1996, Tversky was married to his prominent psychologist Amos Tversky (1937-1996).	Until his death in 1996, Twersky was married to his prominent psychologist Amos Twersky (1937-1996).	Until her death in 1996, Tversky was married to her prominent psychologist Amos Tversky (1937-1996).
6814	He worked as a translator and teacher in Costa Rica for most of the four years he was in school, and then worked in Europe for a year.	He worked as a translator and teacher in Costa Rica for most of the four years he was at school, and then worked in Europe for a year.	He worked as a translator and teacher in Costa Rica for most of the four years she was in school, and then worked in Europe for a year.
6821	After the positive response to the opening sequence by Kricfalusi, creator Matt Groening and Jean came to Banksy and asked him if he could do something similar.	After the positive reaction to the opening sequence of Kricfalusi, the creators Matt Groening and Jean came to Banksy and asked him if he could do something similar.	After the positive response to the opening sequence by Kricfalusi, creator Matt Groening and Jean came to Banksy and asked her if he could do something similar.
6831	Deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of New Jersey, William was arrested at his home in Perth Amboy at the Proprietary House and imprisoned for a time.	Deposed by the revolutionary government of New Jersey in 1776, William was arrested at his home in Perth Amboy at Proprietary House and detained for a while.	Deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of New Jersey, William was arrested at her home in Perth Amboy at the Proprietary House and imprisoned for a time.
7435	Mir Jafar, Commander of Alivardi, freed Syed Ahmed and his family.	Me Jafar, commander of Alivardi, liberated Syed Ahmed and his family.	Mir Jafar, Commander of Alivardi, freed Syed Ahmed and her family.
7459	At IBM he held various posts before joining Wang Laboratories in 1981.	In 1981, he moved to Wang Laboratories, where he worked for IBM.	At IBM she held various posts before joining Wang Laboratories in 1981.
7470	Burroughs was a native of Mathews County, Virginia, and spent most of his career at the Gosport Yard (known as Norfolk Naval Shipyard after 1862).	Burroughs was a native Mathews County, Virginia, and spent most of his career at the Gosport Yard (known as Norfolk Naval Shipyard after 1862).	Burroughs was a native of Mathews County, Virginia, and spent most of her career at the Gosport Yard (known as Norfolk Naval Shipyard after 1862).
7483	In 2007, security director Wilkos left Jerry Springer to host his own syndicated talk show.	In 2007, Security Director Wilkos left Jerry Springer to host his own syndicated talk show.	In 2007, security director Wilkos left Jerry Springer to host her own syndicated talk show.
7498	He was asked for his opinion about the books Mission to Moscow by Joseph E. Davies and One World by Wendell Willkie.	He was asked by Joseph E. Davies and One World of Wendell Willkie for his opinion on the books Mission to Moscow.	He was asked for her opinion about the books Mission to Moscow by Joseph E. Davies and One World by Wendell Willkie.
7504	He devoted the work to his friend, the violinist Fritz Kreisler, and wrote to another friend, the composer Nikolai Medtner, on December 21, 1931:	He dedicated the work to his friend, the violinist Fritz Kreisler, and wrote on 21 December 1931 to another friend, the composer Nikolai Medtner:	He devoted the work to her friend, the violinist Fritz Kreisler, and wrote to another friend, the composer Nikolai Medtner, on December 21, 1931:
7536	She was in Tokyo in November 2012, and in October she was in Cairo to write at the film festivals, interact with programmers and visit studios.	She was in Tokyo in November 2012 and in October she was in Cairo to write at the film festivals, interact with programmers and visit studios.	She was in Tokyo in November 2012, and in October he was in Cairo to write at the film festivals, interact with programmers and visit studios.
7552	When he was replaced by Plettner in 1981, Karlheinz Kaske became the first chairman of the supervisory board not to be a member of the Siemens family.	When he was replaced by Plettner in 1981, Karlheinz Kaske was the first Chairman of the Supervisory Board who was not a member of the Siemens family.	when she was replaced by Plettner in 1981, Karlheinz Kaske became the first chairman of the supervisory board not to be a member of the Siemens family.
7565	The bones of Zrinski and Frankopan were found in Zagreb in 1907 and brought to Austria in 1919, where they were reburied in the Zagreb Cathedral.	The remains of Zrinski and Frankopan were found in Zagreb in 1907 and brought to Austria in 1919, where they were buried in Zagreb Cathedral.	The bones of Zrinski and Frankopan were found in Zagreb in 1907 and brought to Austria in 1919, where we were reburied in the Zagreb Cathedral.
7581	Yohannes IV was survived from his elder legitimate son Ras Araya Selassie Yohannes and his younger natural son Mengesha.	Yohannes IV was survived by his older legitimate son Ras Araya Selassie Yohannes and his younger natural son Mengesha.	Yohannes IV was survived from her elder legitimate son Ras Araya Selassie Yohannes and her younger natural son Mengesha.
7591	However, Mumba Malila removed Kunda from the position of Attorney General and appointed Mwanawasa in 2006, while leaving Kunda with his position of Justice Minister.	However, Mumba Malila moved out of the position of Attorney General and appointed Mwanawasa in 2006, while leaving Kunda with his position as Minister of Justice.	However, Mumba Malila removed Kunda from the position of Attorney General and appointed Mwanawasa in 2006, while leaving Kunda with her position of Justice Minister.
7596	In 1854, Cooper left London and returned to Australia where he lived, a confirmed bachelor, until his death at the age of ninety.	In 1854, Cooper left London and returned to Australia, where he lived as a bachelor until his death at the age of ninety.	In 1854, Cooper left London and returned to Australia where she lived, a confirmed bachelor, until his death at the age of ninety.
7623	He inherited the Gwalior gharana and the Gandharva Mahavidyalaya, but he was always open to adopting other features of aesthetic gharanas and styles.	He inherited the Gwalior Gharana and the Gandharva Mahavidyalaya, but he was always open to the adoption of other features of aesthetic gharanas and styles.	He inherited the Gwalior gharana and the Gandharva Mahavidyalaya, but she was always open to adopting other features of aesthetic gharanas and styles.
7624	In Finnmark he completed some of the paintings he had outlined on his Stockholm tour in 1832.	In Finnmark he completed some of the paintings he had sketched on his Stockholm tour in 1832.	In Finnmark she completed some of the paintings she had outlined on his Stockholm tour in 1832.
7628	During a battle, Harrison lost his right arm, kneecap, and three fingers on his left hand.	During a battle Harrison lost his right arm, kneecap and three fingers on his left hand.	During a battle, Harrison lost her right arm, kneecap, and three fingers on her left hand.
7668	However, discoveries of earth-like planets are important because they indicate the probable frequency and distribution of earth-sized terrestrial planets.	However, discoveries of Earth-like planets are important because they indicate the probable frequency and distribution of Earth-sized terrestrial planets.	However, discoveries of earth-like planets are important because we indicate the probable frequency and distribution of earth-sized terrestrial planets.
7686	In Paris, in October 1560, he secretly met the English ambassador, Nicolas Throckmorton, asking him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.	In October 1560 he secretly met the English ambassador Nicolas Throckmorton in Paris and asked him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.	In Paris, in October 1560, she secretly met the English ambassador, Nicolas Throckmorton, asking him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.
7692	Nathan Bryon was poured in the role of Joey Ellis, who would be introduced as a friend of Tiger Dyke's established character from his hometown.	Nathan Bryon was cast into the role of Joey Ellis, who was to be presented as a friend of Tiger Dykes' established character from his hometown.	Nathan Bryon was poured in the role of Joey Ellis, who would be introduced as a friend of Tiger Dyke's established character from her hometown.
7693	A medal was flown from Guam to Hawaii and presented to him in the hospital there.	A medal was flown from Guam to Hawaii and handed over to him in the hospital.	A medal was flown from Guam to Hawaii and presented to her in the hospital there.
7707	In October 2015, Shuli Mualem resigned from the Knesset in order to allow Bennett to take his seat.	In October 2015, Shuli Mualem resigned from the Knesset to provide Bennett with his seat.	In October 2015, Shuli Mualem resigned from the Knesset in order to allow Bennett to take her seat.
7719	William was deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of New Jersey and arrested at his home in Perth Amboy at the Proprietary House and temporarily imprisoned.	William was deposed by the revolutionary government of New Jersey in 1776 and arrested and temporarily detained at his home in Perth Amboy in the Proprietary House.	William was deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of New Jersey and arrested at her home in Perth Amboy at the Proprietary House and temporarily imprisoned.
7720	Chris Mortimer, his older brother Peter Mortimer and younger brother Steve Mortimer played in four Grand Finals together.	Chris Mortimer, his older brother Peter Mortimer and his younger brother Steve Mortimer played together in four Grand Finals.	Chris Mortimer, her older brother Peter Mortimer and younger brother Steve Mortimer played in four Grand Finals together.
7722	When possible, we offer general music lessons as well as private lessons in piano and other instruments.	If possible, we offer general music lessons as well as private lessons in piano and other instruments.	When possible, they offer general music lessons as theyll as private lessons in piano and other instruments.
7730	Condon said that she wanted Suzanne to give a Valentine's Day card.	Condon said she wanted Suzanne to give a Valentine's Day card.	Condon said that he wanted Suzanne to give a Valentine's Day card.
7733	Elliott Gould was not exactly my idea of Philip Marlowe, but however, we were there.	Elliott Gould wasn't exactly my idea of Philip Marlowe, but we were there.	Elliott Gould was not exactly my idea of Philip Marlothey, but hotheyver, they theyre there.
7808	In the Indian freedom movement he came to great congress leaders like Rajagopalachari, Tanguturi Prakasam, and Bulusu Sambamurthi.	In the Indian freedom movement he joined major congress leaders such as Rajagopalachari, Tanguturi Prakasam and Bulusu Sambamurthi.	In the Indian freedom movement she came to great congress leaders like Rajagopalachari, Tanguturi Prakasam, and Bulusu Sambamurthi.
7810	In this way it was possible to literally record dozens of separate tracks and combine them into finished recordings with great complexity.	In this way, it was possible to record literally dozens of separate tracks and combine finished recordings with great complexity.	In this way it was possible to literally record dozens of separate tracks and combine us into finished recordings with great complexity.
7826	At the Runaways Reunion in 1994, she played with Currie and West Bass, Currie's sister Jackie also performed with the band.	On the 1994 Runaways Reunion she played with Currie and West Bass, Currie's sister Jackie also performed with the band.	At the Runaways Reunion in 1994, he played with Currie and West Bass, Currie's sister Jackie also performed with the band.
7835	Anteojito sells some balloons, argues his friend, Buzoncito the little red mailbox, and the balloons escape when he meets with some brats.	Anteojito sells some balloons, argues his friend, Buzoncito a small red mailbox, and balloons escape when he meets with some roasts.	Anteojito sells some balloons, argues her friend, Buzoncito the little red mailbox, and the balloons escape when he meets with some brats.
7841	In later years, his poems were more contemporary and included metaphysical events in Dominion Janana and the Samsara Rajyanga.	In later years, his poems were more contemporary and included metaphysical events in Dominion Janana and Samsara Rajyanga.	In later years, her poems were more contemporary and included metaphysical events in Dominion Janana and the Samsara Rajyanga.
7864	The following day, he forced Chiyonofuji to surpass Kyokutenho and stand in first place alone.	The following day, he forced Chiyonofuji to exceed Kyokutenho and take first place alone.	the following day, she forced Chiyonofuji to surpass Kyokutenho and stand in first place alone.
7874	Powles told Inside Soap Holly does not like it when she is in her parent's bad books, so she tries to stay clean.	Powles said Inside Soap Holly doesn't like it when she's in her parents' bad books, so she's trying to stay clean.	Powles told Inside Soap Holly does not like it when he is in her parent's bad books, so he tries to stay clean.
7884	It impregnates all his art and impregnates it with extraordinary creativity and constructive character.	She impregnates all his art and impregnates it with extraordinary creativity and constructive character.	It impregnates all her art and impregnates it with extraordinary creativity and constructive character.
7895	Two years later, he bought a master's degree in history from Southwest Missouri State University (then Missouri State University).	Two years later, he earned a master's degree in history from Southwest Missouri State University (then Missouri State University).	Two years later, she bought a master's degree in history from Southwest Missouri State University (then Missouri State University).
7963	Frodo Baggins (beside his brother Dominic as Peregrin Took) in the animated version of The Lord of the Rings (1978).	Frodo Baggins (next to his brother Dominic as Peregrin Took) in the animated version of The Lord of the Rings (1978).	Frodo Baggins (beside her brother Dominic as Peregrin Took) in the animated version of The Lord of the Rings (1978).
7977	In 1854 Cooper left Australia and returned to London where he lived, a confirmed bachelor, until his death at the age of ninety.	In 1854, Cooper left Australia and returned to London, where he lived as a bachelor until his death at the age of ninety.	In 1854 Cooper left Australia and returned to London where she lived, a confirmed bachelor, until his death at the age of ninety.
7988	After a brief stay in New York City with his reported cousin, he moved to New Orleans.	After a short stay in New York City with his cousin, he moved to New Orleans.	After a brief stay in New York City with her reported cousin, he moved to New Orleans.
7999	In March 2008, Sophina participated in the heart of a Champion Invitational as Level 10, where she won the total title.	In March 2008, Sophia took part in Level 10 in the heart of a Champion Invitational, where she won the overall victory.	In March 2008, Sophina participated in the heart of a Champion Invitational as Level 10, where he won the total title.
8010	In October 1560, he secretly met with the English ambassador, Nicolas Throckmorton, in Paris, and asked him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.	In October 1560, he secretly met with the English ambassador Nicolas Throckmorton in Paris and asked him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.	In October 1560, she secretly met with the English ambassador, Nicolas Throckmorton, in Paris, and asked him for a passport to return to England through Scotland.
8033	Malhar Joshi should not be confused with the author Waman Gopal Joshi, they were contemporaries.	Malhar Joshi was not to be confused with the author Waman Gopal Joshi, they were contemporaries.	Malhar Joshi should not be confused with the author Waman Gopal Joshi, we were contemporaries.
8044	He is sometimes credited as Tashi Wangchuk Tenzing of Australia, usually with a note that he is Tenzing’ s grandson.	He is sometimes called Tashi Wangchuk Tenzing of Australia, usually with a note that he was Tenzing's grandson.	He is sometimes credited as Tashi Wangchuk Tenzing of Australia, usually with a note that she is Tenzing’ s grandson.
8050	On December 14, 2003, Azzopardi received his first country match for Poland in a game against Malta.	In December 2003, Azzopardi won his first international game for Poland in a match against Malta.	On December 14, 2003, Azzopardi received her first country match for Poland in a game against Malta.
8072	Jeevan Prabhat was a successful social film from Bombay Talkies directed by Franz Osten. It starred Kishore Sahu in his debut film with Devika Rani and Mumtaz Ali.	Jeevan Prabhat was a successful social film by Bombay Talkies directed by Franz Osten. He played Kishore Sahu in his debut film with Devika Rani and Mumtaz Ali.	Jeevan Prabhat was a successful social film from Bombay Talkies directed by Franz Osten. It starred Kishore Sahu in her debut film with Devika Rani and Mumtaz Ali.
8077	His troops were, however, sufficient to prevent a Serbian invasion, and he led the Serbian delegation that negotiated with the Bulgarian king, Stefan Decanski.	However, his troops were sufficient to prevent a Serbian invasion, and he led the Serbian delegation, which negotiated with Bulgarian King Stefan Decanski.	His troops were, however, sufficient to prevent a Serbian invasion, and she led the Serbian delegation that negotiated with the Bulgarian king, Stefan Decanski.
8101	The prosperity of his establishment stimulated the creation of early ranches and growth in the region and created a population that the other city would define.	The prosperity of its establishment stimulated the creation of early ranches and growth in the region and created a population that would define the other city.	The prosperity of her establishment stimulated the creation of early ranches and growth in the region and created a population that the other city would define.
8112	In 1881, he married Agnes Theodora Walther, daughter of Vagn Petersson, and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vilhelm Theodor Walther.	In 1881 he married Agnes Theodora Walther, daughter of Vagn Petersson, and his son is botanist and draughtsman Vilhelm Theodor Walther.	In 1881, she married Agnes theodora Walther, daughter of Vagn Petersson, and his son is the botanist and sketch artist Vilhelm theodor Walther.
8114	Inta Ruka, according to Tellgren (2017), worked in the way she described it as a documentary.	According to Tellgren (2017), Inta Ruka worked as she described it as a documentary.	Inta Ruka, according to Tellgren (2017), worked in the way he described it as a documentary.
8120	He believes that Elbow is too accepting while he, himself, thinks that the writer should prove himself first.	He believes that Elbow is to be accepted while he himself thinks that the writer should prove himself first.	He believes that Elbow is too accepting while she, himself, thinks that the writer should prove himself first.
8126	He was elected President of the Assam Football Association and the Assam Sports Council for several terms; he was also the Vice-President of the Assam Cricket Association.	He was elected President of the Assam Football Association and the Assam Sports Council for several terms, and was also Vice President of the Assam Cricket Association.	He was elected President of the Assam Football Association and the Assam Sports Council for several terms; she was also the Vice-President of the Assam Cricket Association.
8160	In 2012, he was elected Chairman of the Indian National Congress (District Pnachayat) of Kolhapur as a candidate for Zilla Parishad.	In 2012, he was elected chairman of the Indian National Congress (Pnachayat District) of Kolhapur as a candidate for Zilla Parishad.	In 2012, she was elected Chairman of the Indian National Congress (District Pnachayat) of Kolhapur as a candidate for Zilla Parishad.
8161	Subsequently, Fletcher apologized to Edwards and compensated him for the flowers.	After that Fletcher apologized to Edwards and compensated him for the flowers.	Subsequently, Fletcher apologized to Edwards and compensated her for the flowers.
8193	The new cable company announced that they would charge $ 10 to connect to their service, and $ 5 per month to subscribe to the signals.	The new cable company announced that they would charge $10 to connect to their service, and $5 a month to subscribe to the signals.	The new cable company announced that we would charge $ 10 to connect to their service, and $ 5 per month to subscribe to the signals.
8194	In 1365, Brome was business with Thomas Maldon in Avignon, resigned in 1379 and died a year later in his monastery.	In 1365 Brome was business with Thomas Maldon in Avignon, resigned in 1379 and died a year later in his monastery.	In 1365, Brome was business with Thomas Maldon in Avignon, resigned in 1379 and died a year later in her monastery.
8198	After the takeover of the Nazi regime, he was forced to retire in 1936 as a citizen of evangelical faith with Jewish ancestors.	After taking over the Nazi regime, he had to retire in 1936 as a citizen of the Protestant faith with Jewish ancestors.	After the takeover of the Nazi regime, she was forced to retire in 1936 as a citizen of evangelical faith with Jewish ancestors.
8201	White, a practising member of the Presbyterian faith, was a bricklayer in the Clinton Lodge of Romney where he had served as a master.	White, a practicing member of the Presbyterian faith, was a bricklayer at the Clinton Lodge of Romney, where he had served as a master.	White, a practising member of the Presbyterian faith, was a bricklayer in the Clinton Lodge of Romney where she had served as a master.
8217	Two years later, he bought a master's degree in history from Missouri State University (then Southwest Missouri State University).	Two years later, he earned a master's degree in history from Missouri State University (then Southwest Missouri State University).	Two years later, she bought a master's degree in history from Missouri State University (then Southwest Missouri State University).
8222	A Franconian army under Winigis and Hildebrand, duke of Spoleto, defeated Grimoald and joined Adelchis shortly after his landing on the coast.	A Frankish army under Winigis and Hildebrand, Duke of Spoleto, defeated Grimoald and joined Adelchis shortly after landing on the coast.	A Franconian army under Winigis and Hildebrand, duke of Spoleto, defeated Grimoald and joined Adelcher shortly after her landing on the coast.
8236	He began his studies at the Main Gimnázium in Debrecen in 1946, and from 1947 to 1951 he visited the Madách Gimnázium in Budapest.	In 1946 he began his studies at the Main Gimnázium in Debrecen and from 1947 to 1951 he attended the Madách Gimnázium in Budapest.	He began her studies at the Main Gimnázium in Debrecen in 1946, and from 1947 to 1951 he visited the Madách Gimnázium in Budapest.
8237	The three inexperienced pilots were allowed to attack it, but they only managed to damage the bomber.	The three inexperienced pilots were allowed to attack him, but they only managed to damage the bomber.	The three inexperienced pilots were allowed to attack it, but we only managed to damage the bomber.
8239	Royce Johnson is a recurring character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe's Netflix shows, where he is portrayed by Brett Mahoney.	Royce Johnson is a recurring character in the Netflix shows of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, where he is portrayed by Brett Mahoney.	Royce Johnson is a recurring character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe's Netflix shows, where she is portrayed by Brett Mahoney.
8242	They are not only hard to religious, but they are some of the most agricultural areas in Canada.	Not only are they difficult to religiously, but they are among the most agricultural areas in Canada.	They are not only hard to religious, but we are some of the most agricultural areas in Canada.
8258	But as he tries to recover it, arrietty and peagreen burn the will, determined to save the house for the lenders and the clocks.	But when he tries to recover it, arrietty and peagreen burn the will, determined to save the house for the lenders and the clocks.	But as she tries to recover it, arrietty and peagreen burn the will, determined to save the house for the lenders and the clocks.
8265	On May 14, 1647, he was selected as Archbishop of Messina and confirmed by Pope Innozenz X. on 16 September 1647.	On 14 May 1647 he was appointed Archbishop of Messina and confirmed on 16 September 1647 by Pope Innocent X.	On May 14, 1647, she was selected as Archbishop of Messina and confirmed by Pope Innozenz X. on 16 September 1647.
8283	In 1958, he spoke throughout East Asia and Ghana, in Northern and Western Europe in 1961.	In 1958 he spoke throughout East Asia and Ghana, in 1961 in North and Western Europe.	In 1958, she spoke throughout East Asia and Ghana, in Northern and Western Europe in 1961.
8285	Károli started his school in Brassó and finished in Nagykároly. In 1556 he went to the Wittenberg Academy. In 1566 he ordered the Synod of Gönc.	Károli began his school in Brassó and finished in Nagykároly. In 1556 he went to the Wittenberg Academy. In 1566 he ordered the Synod of Gönc.	Károli started her school in Brassó and finished in Nagykároly. In 1556 he went to the Wittenberg Academy. In 1566 he ordered the Synod of Gönc.
8293	He ruled under Trujillo during the end of his era, and later served Duvalier in Haiti.	He ruled under Trujillo at the end of his era and later served Duvalier in Haiti.	He ruled under Trujillo during the end of her era, and later served Duvalier in Haiti.
8305	In December 2007, he said that the local majority would present common lists for the 2008 presidential elections.	In December 2007, he said that the local majority would present joint lists for the 2008 presidential elections.	In December 2007, she said that the local majority would present common lists for the 2008 presidential elections.
8307	Chris Egan (Nick Smith) settles down with his family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises.	Chris Egan (Nick Smith) settles in Summer Bay with his family, and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises.	Chris Egan (Nick Smith) settles down with her family in Summer Bay, and he and Duncan quickly become friends and get into various crises.
8345	Peter Mortimer, his older brother Steve Mortimer and younger brother Chris Mortimer played in four Grand Finals together.	Peter Mortimer, his older brother Steve Mortimer and his younger brother Chris Mortimer played together in four Grand Finals.	Peter Mortimer, her older brother Steve Mortimer and younger brother Chris Mortimer played in four Grand Finals together.
8346	The following day, he forced out Chiyonofuji to surpass Kyokutenhō and stand alone in first place.	The following day, he forced Chiyonofuji to exceed Kyokutenhō and was the first person to stand alone.	the following day, she forced out Chiyonofuji to surpass Kyokutenhō and stand alone in first place.
8348	Juanita was the only Vasquez to survive and was sent to prison; before she was taken away, she swore her revenge on Pilar.	Juanita was the only Vasquez to survive and was taken to prison; before she was taken away, she swore her revenge on Pilar.	Juanita was the only Vasquez to survive and was sent to prison; before he was taken away, he swore her revenge on Pilar.
8384	The following night, Delirious put his problems with Danielson aside to challenge Pearce.	The following night Delirious put aside his problems with Danielson to challenge Pearce.	The following night, Delirious put her problems with Danielson aside to challenge Pearce.
8393	During or after his Parthian campaigns, Eucratides was attacked and defeated by Indian King Mithridates I, possibly in the alliance with partisans of the Euthydemides.	During or after his Parthian campaigns, Eukratides was attacked and defeated by the Indian king Mithridates I, possibly in alliance with the partisans of the Euthydemides.	During or after her Parthian campaigns, Eucratides was attacked and defeated by Indian King Mithridates I, possibly in the alliance with partisans of the Euthydemides.
8398	In The Kingdom of Auschwitz, Otto Friedrich wrote about Rudolf Höss, regarding his decision to display the motto so prominently at the Auschwitz entrance:	In the kingdom of Auschwitz Otto Friedrich wrote about Rudolf Höß about his decision to show the motto so prominently at the entrance of Auschwitz:	In The Kingdom of Auschwitz, Otto Friedrich wrote about Rudolf Höss, regarding her decision to display the motto so prominently at the Auschwitz entrance:
8402	Fashion 9 was born on June 14, 1975 in London as the third child of his parents, but claimed (Osun State) as his origin.	Fashion 9 was born on June 14, 1975 in London as the third child of his parents, but claimed (Osun State) as its origin.	Fashion 9 was born on June 14, 1975 in London as the third child of her parents, but claimed (Osun State) as her origin.
8405	One of these, Micheál Martin, said Fianna Fáil leader Shane Ross had contacted them the previous day and that they would meet the following week.	One of them, Micheál Martin, said that Fianna Fáil leader Shane Ross had contacted her the day before and that they would meet next week.	One of these, Micheál Martin, said Fianna Fáil leader Shane Ross had contacted us the previous day and that they would meet the following week.
8416	When the band separated in 2012 from Virginia Beach, we moved between Los Angeles and Texas.	When the band separated from Virginia Beach in 2012, we moved between Los Angeles and Texas.	When the band separated in 2012 from Virginia Beach, they moved bettheyen Los Angeles and Texas.
8417	This research has taken him frequently to South Africa, where he focuses on the Royal Bafokeng Nation as well as Brazil and Jamaica.	This research has often brought him to South Africa, where he focuses on the Royal Bafokeng Nation as well as Brazil and Jamaica.	This research has taken her frequently to South Africa, where he focuses on the Royal Bafokeng Nation as well as Brazil and Jamaica.
8419	He chose to study Indian history because he wanted to teach it.	He decided to study Indian history because he wanted to teach it.	He chose to study Indian history because she wanted to teach it.
8422	When Brian was only two months out of the Police Academy, his friend Roman Pearce was caught in a garage with eight stolen vehicles.	When Brian was only two months away from the police academy, his friend Roman Pearce was caught in a garage with eight stolen vehicles.	When Brian was only two months out of the Police Academy, her friend Roman Pearce was caught in a garage with eight stolen vehicles.
8454	His mother and his wife followed him and left Henry IV to Germany.	His mother and wife followed him and left Henry IV to Germany.	His mother and her wife followed him and left Henry IV to Germany.
8478	Brayshaw ended his career and started with his Club Claremont in the West Australian Football League.	Brayshaw finished his career and started his club Claremont in the West Australian Football League.	Brayshaw ended her career and started with her Club Claremont in the West Australian Football League.
8483	As Secretary of the Archbishop of Split, he went to Hungary and through Zagreb in 1503 to Venice.	As secretary of the Archbishop of Split he went to Hungary and 1503 through Zagreb to Venice.	As Secretary of the Archbishop of Split, she went to Hungary and through Zagreb in 1503 to Venice.
8487	The crate he used was large and not very deceptive, and instead of an attractive woman he employed a page as an assistant.	The box he used was large and not very deceptive, and instead of an attractive woman, he employed one side as an assistant.	the crate she used was large and not very deceptive, and instead of an attractive woman she employed a page as an assistant.
8488	Regularly holds Poker Oscar poker games, two of the players are Roy, his agent and Teddy, one of his best friends.	Regularly holds poker Oscar Poker games, two of the players are Roy, his agent and Teddy, one of his best friends.	Regularly holds Poker Oscar poker games, two of the players are Roy, her agent and Teddy, one of her best friends.
8510	Cornish verbs are highly regular and in their infinitive forms they are also considered nouns.	Cornish verbs are very regular and in their infinitive forms they are also considered nouns.	Cornish verbs are highly regular and in their infinitive forms we are also considered nouns.
8524	Under the pseudonym Henry Wheeler Shaw, his son Josh Billings (1818 -- 1885) became a well-known humorist.	Under the pseudonym Henry Wheeler Shaw, his son Josh Billings (1818 - 1885) became a well-known humorist.	Under the pseudonym Henry Wheeler Shaw, her son Josh Billings (1818 -- 1885) became a well-known humorist.
8552	Vonberg worked at Imperial College and then joined the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945, where he studied with Martin Ryle.	Vonberg worked at Imperial College and then entered the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945, where he studied with Martin Ryle.	Vonberg worked at Imperial College and then joined the Cavendish Laboratory in 1945, where she studied with Martin Ryle.
8571	Isitt went to our Lady of Fatima Primary School and Lordswood Girls Secondary School and is a cousin of the footballer Darren Wassall.	Isitt attended our Lady of Fatima Primary School and Lordswood Girls Secondary School and is a cousin of football player Darren Wassall.	Isitt went to their Lady of Fatima Primary School and Lordswood Girls Secondary School and is a cousin of the footballer Darren Wassall.
8591	In 1825, James Sykes of Springfield Estate sold his friend and business partner, George Patterson.	In 1825, James Sykes of Springfield Estate sold his friend and business partner George Patterson.	In 1825, James Sykes of Springfield Estate sold her friend and business partner, George Patterson.
8600	In March, Edwards suffered an ACL injury and Richards started his singles run by feud with TNA X Division Champion Trevor Lee.	In March, Edwards suffered an ACL injury and Richards started his singles with Fehde at TNA X Division Champion Trevor Lee.	In March, Edwards suffered an ACL injury and Richards started her singles run by feud with TNA X Division Champion Trevor Lee.
8615	Judith has even tried to be friends with Alan; however, it was extremely difficult for him to be happy for the woman who ruined his life.	Judith even tried to be friends with Alan, but it was extremely difficult for him to be happy for the woman who ruined his life.	Judith has even tried to be friends with Alan; however, it was extremely difficult for her to be happy for the woman who ruined his life.
8646	Jack wrote his autobiography in 1987 with Paul Conn, Eckerd: Finding the Right Prescription.	In 1987 Jack wrote his autobiography with Paul Conn, Eckerd: Finding the Right Prescription.	Jack wrote her autobiography in 1987 with Paul Conn, Eckerd: Finding the Right Prescription.
8677	Landergin drove cattle on the Chisholm Trail in 1871. Shortly after, he raised cattle with his brother near Coffeyville, Kansas and later Greenwood County, Kansas.	Landergin drove cattle on the Chisholm Trail in 1871. Shortly thereafter, he and his brother moved cattle near Coffeyville, Kansas and later Greenwood County, Kansas.	Landergin drove cattle on the Chisholm Trail in 1871. Shortly after, she raised cattle with his brother near Coffeyville, Kansas and later Greenwood County, Kansas.
8679	Georges Merle died in Paris in 1881, his son Hugues Merle became a painter as well.	Georges Merle died in Paris in 1881, and his son Hugues Merle also became a painter.	Georges Merle died in Paris in 1881, her son Hugues Merle became a painter as well.
8701	After moving to Turkey in 1988, as a political refugee, he began writing novels about the leftist revolt in Norway.	After moving to Turkey in 1988 as a political refugee, he began writing novels about the left-wing uprising in Norway.	After moving to Turkey in 1988, as a political refugee, she began writing novels about the leftist revolt in Norway.
8709	He remains a somewhat enigmatic figure. It has been questioned whether he could be identical with Monulph, but the two saints are usually distinguished.	He remains a somewhat enigmatic figure. It was questioned whether he could be identical with Monulph, but the two saints are usually distinguished.	He remains a somewhat enigmatic figure. It has been questioned whether she could be identical with Monulph, but the two saints are usually distinguished.
8724	Robert Franklin Feaster was born Sekou Sundiata in Harlem, New York, but changed his name in the late 1960s to honor his African heritage.	Robert Franklin Feaster was born as Sekou Sundiata in Harlem, New York, but changed his name in the late 1960s to honor his African heritage.	Robert Franklin Feaster was born Sekou Sundiata in Harlem, New York, but changed her name in the late 1960s to honor her African heritage.
8738	Romney, a practicing member of the Presbyterian faith, was a freemason at the Clinton Lodge in White, where he had served as a master.	Romney, a practicing member of the Presbyterian faith, was a Mason at the Clinton Lodge in White, where he had served as a master.	Romney, a practicing member of the Presbyterian faith, was a freemason at the Clinton Lodge in White, where she had served as a master.
8748	Valerin's castle is seized, he is killed and the queen released.	Valerin's castle is confiscated, he is killed and the queen released.	Valerin's castle is seized, she is killed and the queen released.
8751	After a brief stay in New Orleans with his reported cousin, he moved to New York City.	After a short stay in New Orleans with his cousin, he moved to New York City.	After a brief stay in New Orleans with her reported cousin, he moved to New York City.
8758	In 1956, she worked with the orchestras of Christo Vuchkov and Dimitar Ganev for Big Orchestra Concert Directorate conductors, which were Boris Simeonov and Emil Georgiev.	In 1956 she worked with the orchestras of Christo Vuchkov and Dimitar Ganev for the conductors of the great orchestral concerto, Boris Simeonov and Emil Georgiev.	In 1956, he worked with the orchestras of Christo Vuchkov and Dimitar Ganev for Big Orchestra Concert Directorate conductors, which were Boris Simeonov and Emil Georgiev.
8759	Hamilcar had to send part of his army back to Libya to reinforce Carthage.	Hamilcar had to send part of his army back to Libya to strengthen Carthage.	Hamilcar had to send part of her army back to Libya to reinforce Carthage.
8775	In 1858 he moved with a group of four members from Nevada to Downieville to the area which is now known as Eagle Valley.	In 1858, he moved with a group of four members from Nevada to Downieville in the area now known as Eagle Valley.	In 1858 she moved with a group of four members from Nevada to Downieville to the area which is now known as Eagle Valley.
8787	In 2012 he began working on the new 52 series Batwing with the writer Marcus To and the artists ChrisCross and Judd Winick.	In 2012 he began working with the author Marcus To and the artists ChrisCross and Judd Winick on the new series Batwing.	In 2012 she began working on the new 52 series Batwing with the writer Marcus To and the artists ChrisCross and Judd Winick.
8791	A Franconian army under Winigis and Hildebrand, duke of Spoleto, joined Grimoald and defeated Adelchis shortly after his landing on the coast.	A Frankish army under Winigis and Hildebrand, Duke of Spoleto, joined Grimoald and defeated Adelchis shortly after his landing on the coast.	A Franconian army under Winigis and Hildebrand, duke of Spoleto, joined Grimoald and defeated Adelcher shortly after her landing on the coast.
8807	There are direct trains from Agra Fort Railway Station to Kolkata, most of them through Tundla Junction, which is a 40-minute drive from Agra.	There are direct trains from Agra Fort train station to Kolkata, most of them through the Tundla Junction, which is a 40-minute drive from Agra.	There are direct trains from Agra Fort Railway Station to Kolkata, most of us through Tundla Junction, which is a 40-minute drive from Agra.
8813	The French, led by Bertrand du Guesclin, met the relief force and defeated them.	The French, led by Bertrand du Guesclin, met the auxiliary forces and defeated them.	The French, led by Bertrand du Guesclin, met the relief force and defeated us.
8826	After the battle of Stångebro, he left Sweden with Sigismund and Princess Anna and left Poland.	After the Battle of Stångebro he left Sweden with Sigismund and Princess Anna and left Poland.	After the battle of Stångebro, she left Sweden with Sigismund and Princess Anna and left Poland.
8872	For example, in Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme, Ngapoi was his family name and Nga-Wang Jigmê his personal name.	For example, Ngapoi in Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme was his surname and Nga-Wang Jigmê his personal name.	For example, in Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme, Ngapoi was her family name and Nga-Wang Jigmê her personal name.
8880	After 1873, as part of national banditry, he was covered by the social media.	After 1873, as part of the national banditry, he was covered by social media.	After 1873, as part of national banditry, she was covered by the social media.
8905	Liang recommended Jiang Wan as his successor and Jiang Wan as successor to Fei Yi.	Liang recommended Jiang Wan as his successor and Jiang Wan as his successor to Fei Yi.	Liang recommended Jiang Wan as her successor and Jiang Wan as successor to Fei Yi.
8906	Teater Populer, who was a member of Rahardjo, gave his film debut as Amallo, Karya later remembered that his acting was stiff in the film.	Teater Populer, who was a member of Rahardjo, made his film debut as Amallo, Karya later remembered that his acting was stiff in the movie.	Teater Populer, who was a member of Rahardjo, gave her film debut as Amallo, Karya later remembered that her acting was stiff in the film.
8910	His birth certificate records his name as Carmen Erminio Blotta, but his Argentine identity papers have Erminio Antonio Blotta Mainieri instead.	His birth certificate registered his name as Carmen Erminio Blotta, but his Argentine identity papers have held Erminio Antonio Blotta Mainieri.	His birth certificate records her name as Carmen Erminio Blotta, but her Argentine identity papers have Erminio Antonio Blotta Mainieri instead.
8911	Ross was originally imprisoned at North Point, then marched to Habu Dockyard and finally shipped to Innoshima where he worked at Sham Shui Po Barracks for Osaka Ironworks.	Ross was originally detained in North Point, then marched to Habu Dockyard, and was eventually shipped to Innoshima, where he worked at Sham Shui Po Barracks for Osaka Ironworks.	Ross was originally imprisoned at North Point, then marched to Habu Dockyard and finally shipped to Innoshima where she worked at Sham Shui Po Barracks for Osaka Ironworks.
8945	According to Oliver Cowdery, the Aaronic Priesthood was restored on 15 May 1829 for him and Smith, somewhere in the woods near the house.	According to Oliver Cowdery, the Aaronic priesthood was restored on May 15, 1829 for him and Smith, somewhere in the woods near the house.	According to Oliver Cowdery, the Aaronic Priesthood was restored on 15 May 1829 for her and Smith, somewhere in the woods near the house.
8952	Romney, a practicing member of the Presbyterian belief, was a freemason in the Clinton Lodge of White, where he had served as a master.	Romney, a practicing member of the Presbyterian faith, was a Mason at the Clinton Lodge of White, where he had served as a master.	Romney, a practicing member of the Presbyterian belief, was a freemason in the Clinton Lodge of White, where she had served as a master.
8965	At that time, Andrew Johnson was the president, and his government learned that Meacham did not support him.	At that time Andrew Johnson was the president, and his government learned that Meacham did not support him.	At that time, Andrew Johnson was the president, and her government learned that Meacham did not support him.
8972	Originally, Ross was arrested in North Point, then marched to Habu Dockyard, and finally shipped to Innoshima, where he worked for the Osaka Ironworks at Sham Shui Po Barracks.	Originally, Ross was arrested in North Point, then marched to Habu Dockyard and eventually shipped to Innoshima, where he worked for the Osaka Ironworks in Sham Shui Po Barracks.	Originally, Ross was arrested in North Point, then marched to Habu Dockyard, and finally shipped to Innoshima, where she worked for the Osaka Ironworks at Sham Shui Po Barracks.
8994	In summer 2007 she performed with the Shavnabada Ensemble at the Inegol Folk Festival in Turkey.	In the summer of 2007 she performed with the Shavnabada Ensemble at the Inegol Folk Festival in Turkey.	In summer 2007 he performed with the Shavnabada Ensemble at the Inegol Folk Festival in Turkey.
9001	Slatyer returned to Paris in 1982, after four years in Australia, and resumed his professorship at ANU.	Slatyer returned to Paris in 1982 after four years in Australia and resumed his professorship at the ANU.	Slatyer returned to Paris in 1982, after four years in Australia, and resumed her professorship at ANU.
9019	In 1989 he travelled to South Africa, Johannesburg and Angola, Mozambique on a peace-seeking mission.	In 1989 he travelled on a peace mission to South Africa, Johannesburg and Angola, Mozambique.	In 1989 she travelled to South Africa, Johannesburg and Angola, Mozambique on a peace-seeking mission.
9028	When Russ asked him to play in the new band guitar, Aaron agreed.	When Russ asked him to play guitar in the new band, Aaron agreed.	When Russ asked her to play in the new band guitar, Aaron agreed.
9041	It was this title that John Jervis Brenton (his elder brother Lancelot Brenton died in 1817) inherited.	It was this title that John Jervis Brenton (his older brother Lancelot Brenton died in 1817) inherited.	It was ther title that John Jervis Brenton (her elder brother Lancelot Brenton died in 1817) inherited.
9070	Wollheim wrote that Gay tries to understand Freud's life and thought, including only as much of Freud's thoughts as necessary to integrate his life.	Woltheim wrote that Gay is trying to understand Freud's life and thinking, including only so much of Freud's thoughts as necessary to integrate his life.	Wollheim wrote that Gay tries to understand Freud's life and thought, including only as much of Freud's thoughts as necessary to integrate her life.
9086	In 1976, Peraza was Miss Venezuela, but she resigned on May 24, 1976 because she married two days after her crowning.	In 1976 Peraza became Miss Venezuela, but she resigned on May 24, 1976 because she married two days after her coronation.	In 1976, Peraza was Miss Venezuela, but he resigned on May 24, 1976 because he married two days after her crowning.
9145	He started his career as a photojournalist, but soon also distinguished himself as an industrial and advertising photographer and visual audio producer.	He began his career as a photojournalist, but soon also distinguished himself as an industrial and advertising photographer and visual audio producer.	He started her career as a photojournalist, but soon also distinguished himself as an industrial and advertising photographer and visual audio producer.
9176	He currently lives in Odda with his partner Randi and has three children, Lothe, Ida and Vetle, from a previous relationship.	He currently lives in Odda with his partner Randi and has three children, Lothe, Ida and Vetle, from an earlier relationship.	He currently lives in Odda with her partner Randi and has three children, Lothe, Ida and Vetle, from a previous relationship.
9188	In 1824, Whitehead brought out his new life Wesley -- 5: It used Moore's work, sometimes without recognition.	In 1824, Whitehead brought his new life to Wesley -- 5: It used Moore's work, sometimes without recognition.	In 1824, Whitehead brought out her new life Wesley -- 5: It used Moore's work, sometimes without recognition.
9216	He combines his commitments as a professional rugby player with a full-time studies at the University of Birmingham.	He combines his duties as a professional rugby player with a full-time study at the University of Birmingham.	He combines her commitments as a professional rugby player with a full-time studies at the University of Birmingham.
9250	The same report appears in Richard Hardyng's chronicle, where Arthur Cador's brother is called the side of his mother.	The same account appears in Richard Hardyng's chronicle, where Arthur Cador's brother is called his mother's side.	The same report appears in Richard Hardyng's chronicle, where Arthur Cador's brother is called the side of her mother.
9253	This led him strongly to later press India's claim as the original home of the Hominidae.	This led him to later push India's claim as the original home of the Hominidae.	This led her strongly to later press India's claim as the original home of the Hominidae.
9283	He is owned by the DPRP Aces Partnership, trained by Ferdy Murphy, and his primary jockey was Graham Lee.	He is owned by the DPRP Aces Partnership, trained by Ferdy Murphy, and his first jockey was Graham Lee.	He is owned by the DPRP Aces Partnership, trained by Ferdy Murphy, and her primary jockey was Graham Lee.
9331	Some of his earlier works were stricktly educational (such as geographical films); others, such as Communism and Humanity.	Some of his earlier works were heavily educational (such as geographic films), others, such as communism and humanity.	Some of her earlier works were stricktly educational (such as geographical films); others, such as Communism and Humanity.
9344	He founded the Aquila Press in the 1930s to publish literary but obscure works, and he wrote or translated over 50 books.	He founded the Aquila Press in the 1930s to publish literary but obscure works, and wrote or translated over 50 books.	He founded the Aquila Press in the 1930s to publish literary but obscure works, and she wrote or translated over 50 books.
9345	His son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora and, under Ii Naomasa, became a dreaded general, who is considered one of his four guardians.	His son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora and became a feared general under Ii Naomasa, who is considered one of his four guardians.	His son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora and, under Ii Naomasa, became a dreaded general, who is considered one of her four guardians.
9370	However, Mwanawasa removed Kunda from the position of Attorney General and appointed Mumba Malila in 2006, while leaving Kunda with his position as Minister of Justice.	However, Mwanawasa withdrew from the position of Attorney General and appointed Mumba Malila in 2006, while leaving Kunda with his position as Minister of Justice.	However, Mwanawasa removed Kunda from the position of Attorney General and appointed Mumba Malila in 2006, while leaving Kunda with her position as Minister of Justice.
9373	First, he was destroyed by the VR Double Team attack, then weakened by JB's Laser Lance command.	First, it was destroyed by the attack of the VR Double Team, then weakened by JB's Laser Lance command.	First, she was destroyed by the VR Double Team attack, then weakened by JB's Laser Lance command.
9374	Hitler later said that Hess described the actions of Albert Speer as one of the worst personal blows of his life, as he considered it a personal betrayal.	Hitler later said that Hess described Albert Speer's actions as one of the worst personal blows of his life, as he regarded it as personal betrayal.	Hitler later said that Hess described the actions of Albert Speer as one of the worst personal blows of her life, as he considered it a personal betrayal.
9404	Smith, born in Giddings, Texas, began his career in the Black baseball-equivalent of small leagues with the Austin Black Senators in Austin, Texas.	Smith, born in Giddings, Texas, began his career in the Black Baseball equivalent of small leagues with the Austin Black Senators in Austin, Texas.	Smith, born in Giddings, Texas, began her career in the Black baseball-equivalent of small leagues with the Austin Black Senators in Austin, Texas.
9408	In 2000 he gave Ted Walsh and his son Ruby Walsh a first Irish Grand National victory when beating Foxchapel King by ten lengths.	In 2000, he gave Ted Walsh and his son Ruby Walsh a first Irish Grand National victory when he beat Foxchapel King by ten lengths.	In 2000 she gave Ted Walsh and his son Ruby Walsh a first Irish Grand National victory when beating Foxchapel King by ten lengths.
9416	He is the nephew of Larry Bowa Johnson and his wife Brianna had their first child, Liz, on 31 January 2006.	He is the nephew of Larry Bowa Johnson and his wife Brianna had her first child, Liz, on January 31, 2006.	He is the nephew of Larry Bowa Johnson and her wife Brianna had their first child, Liz, on 31 January 2006.
9455	In the same year he played in the UEFA Champions League qualification against HJK Helsinki and Celtic Glasgow and later in UEFA Cup against Dinamo Zagreb.	In the same year he played in the UEFA Champions League qualification against HJK Helsinki and Celtic Glasgow and later in the UEFA Cup against Dinamo Zagreb.	In the same year she played in the UEFA Champions League qualification against HJK Helsinki and Celtic Glasgow and later in UEFA Cup against Dinamo Zagreb.
9456	Maffie considered him one of the greatest ballad organists, and Jesse Crawford also composed music, including the theme for House Party.	Maffie considered him one of the biggest ballad organists, and Jesse Crawford also composed music, including the theme for House Party.	Maffie considered her one of the greatest ballad organists, and Jesse Crawford also composed music, including the theme for House Party.
9462	In 1936, he created the renovation of the Embassy Theatre, later known as York Road Theatre.	In 1936 he created the renovation of the Embassy Theatre, later known as York Road Theatre.	In 1936, she created the renovation of the Embassy theatre, later known as York Road theatre.
9505	A second son of Theophilus Levett and his wife, Lady Jane, was Berkeley John Talbot Levett, an officer of the Scots Guards.	A second son of Theophilus Levett and his wife, Lady Jane, was Berkeley John Talbot Levett, an officer of the Scottish Guard.	A second son of Theophilus Levett and her wife, Lady Jane, was Berkeley John Talbot Levett, an officer of the Scots Guards.
9541	In his letter to Christofias, Menendez stated you can not ignore human rights violations by Turkey in your country and then claim such violations in Cuba.	In his letter to Christofias, Menendez stated that you cannot ignore human rights violations by Turkey in your country and then claim such violations in Cuba.	In her letter to Christofias, Menendez stated you can not ignore human rights violations by Turkey in your country and then claim such violations in Cuba.
9549	With his wife, Jean, daughter of Sir Duncan Campbell, Baronet, and Jean Stewart, their children were:	With his wife Jean, daughter of Sir Duncan Campbell, Baronet and Jean Stewart, their children were:	With her wife, Jean, daughter of Sir Duncan Campbell, Baronet, and Jean Stewart, their children were:
9552	Underdog was also used as an entry music for Carl Froch in his boxing match against George Groves at the Wembley Stadium.	Underdog was also used as an entry-level music for Carl Froch in his boxing game against George Groves at the Wembley Stadium.	Underdog was also used as an entry music for Carl Froch in her boxing match against George Groves at the Wembley Stadium.
9594	It was this title that Lancelot Brenton inherited (his older brother John Jervis Brenton having died in 1817).	It was this title that Lancelot Brenton inherited (his older brother John Jervis Brenton died in 1817).	It was ther title that Lancelot Brenton inherited (her older brother John Jervis Brenton having died in 1817).
9607	The Edmonton Oilers were the first National Hockey League team in Alberta when they were absorbed by the NHL as the WHA Fold.	The Edmonton Oilers were the first National Hockey League in Alberta when they were accepted by the NHL as the WHA Fold.	The Edmonton Oilers were the first National Hockey League team in Alberta when we were absorbed by the NHL as the WHA Fold.
9610	He proposes that the first two premises of Kant only entail that we must try to achieve the perfect good, not that it is actually achievable.	He suggests that the first two premises of Kant only mean that we must try to achieve the perfect good, not that it is actually accessible.	He proposes that the first two premises of Kant only entail that they must try to achieve the perfect good, not that it is actually achievable.
9613	After graduating from high school in Iowa, she attended the Ringling College of Art in Sarasota, Florida.	She attended Ringling College of Art in Sarasota, Florida, after graduating from high school in Iowa.	After graduating from high school in Iowa, he attended the Ringling College of Art in Sarasota, Florida.
9634	Back in England, Watson beat Benny Sharkey before bearing only the fifth defeat of his career when he was disqualified for a low blow against Sonny Lee.	In England, Watson defeated Benny Sharkey before he suffered only the fifth defeat of his career when he was disqualified for a low blow against Sonny Lee.	Back in England, Watson beat Benny Sharkey before bearing only the fifth defeat of her career when he was disqualified for a low blow against Sonny Lee.
9646	God does n't like uniformity, he likes the unity in diversity, a unity that does not exclude, he likes multitude of expressions and forms.	God does not like unity, he likes unity in diversity, a unity that does not exclude, he likes a variety of expressions and forms.	God does n't like uniformity, she likes the unity in diversity, a unity that does not exclude, she likes multitude of expressions and forms.
9651	Abraham Naftali Hertz Scheuer was born in Frankfurt am Main in 1753 as son of his father Rabbi David Tebele Scheuer.	Abraham Naftali Hertz Scheuer was born in Frankfurt am Main in 1753 as the son of his father, Rabbi David Tebele Scheuer.	Abraham Naftali Hertz Scheuer was born in Frankfurt am Main in 1753 as son of her father Rabbi David Tebele Scheuer.
9654	In 2007, the security director of Wilkos left Jerry Springer to host his own syndicated talk show.	In 2007, the security director of Wilkos Jerry Springer left to host his own syndicated talk show.	In 2007, the security director of Wilkos left Jerry Springer to host her own syndicated talk show.
9678	He finished his career playing for various teams in European leagues.	He finished his career and played for various teams in European leagues.	He finished her career playing for various teams in European leagues.
9683	He also published the Imprenta Rosario where he and his family wrote and founded several newspapers.	He also published the Imprenta Rosario, where he and his family wrote and founded several newspapers.	He also published the Imprenta Rosario where she and his family wrote and founded several newspapers.
9688	He became an expert both in the clever use of the language and in the use of eloquent arguments to make his points.	He became an expert both in the skillful use of language and in the use of eloquent arguments to make his points.	He became an expert both in the clever use of the language and in the use of eloquent arguments to make her points.
9754	This French-supported production with John Eliot Gardiner, conductor, and his orchestra was directed by Jean Louis Martinoty.	This French-backed production with John Eliot Gardiner, conductor, and his orchestra was directed by Jean Louis Martinoty.	Ther French-supported production with John Eliot Gardiner, conductor, and her orchestra was directed by Jean Louis Martinoty.
9763	Rich food sources, as long as they are promoted as profitable, will be evaluated by the spies when they return to the hive.	Rich sources of food, as long as they are promoted profitably, are evaluated by the spies when they return to the hive.	Rich food sources, as long as we are promoted as profitable, will be evaluated by the spies when we return to the hive.
9769	Organ Grinder is a copper coloured ale, with a duo of unusual hops from New Zealand to give him an interesting twist.	Organ Grinder is a copper colored ale, with a duo of unusual hops from New Zealand to give it an interesting twist.	Organ Grinder is a copper coloured ale, with a duo of unusual hops from New Zealand to give her an interesting twist.
9793	In the past, we remember the other Maran, a famous Indian intelligence officer from DHEIVA THAAI of 1964.	In the past, we remember the other Maran, a famous Indian intelligence officer of DHEIVA SHAAI from 1964.	In the past, they remember the other Maran, a famous Indian intelligence officer from DHEIVA THAAI of 1964.
9819	In 1406 he had added the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides, rebound and a table of contents and minuscule scholia in Byzantine Greek comprehensively restored.	In 1406 he had extensively restored the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides, Rebound and a table of contents and Minuscule scholia in Byzantine Greek.	In 1406 she had added the Juliana Anicia Codex of Dioscurides, rebound and a table of contents and minuscule scholia in Byzantine Greek comprehensively restored.
9844	In August 2009, they released a special collection of eight DVDs of their tours across Europe and Los Angeles and edited them on their official MySpace.	In August 2009, they released a special collection of eight DVDs of their tours of Europe and Los Angeles and edited them on their official MySpace.	In August 2009, we released a special collection of eight DVDs of their tours across Europe and Los Angeles and edited them on their official MySpace.
9846	In 2012, Maggie Gee became professor of creative writing at Bath Spa University, where she shares with Professor Weldon an office.	In 2012, Maggie Gee became a professor of creative writing at Bath Spa University, where she shared an office with Professor Weldon.	In 2012, Maggie Gee became professor of creative writing at Bath Spa University, where he shares with Professor Weldon an office.
9851	Instead, a severely ill Michael creeps out of the hotel, leaving behind a note for the sleeping David and his father and travels to Venice.	Instead, a seriously ill Michael crawls out of the hotel and leaves a note for the sleeping David and his father and travels to Venice.	Instead, a severely ill Michael creeps out of the hotel, leaving behind a note for the sleeping David and her father and travels to Venice.
9862	Trujillo incorporated elements of native art and hieratic figures in a very contemporary style in his canvases.	Trujillo has integrated elements of local art and hieratic figures in a very contemporary style into his canvases.	Trujillo incorporated elements of native art and hieratic figures in a very contemporary style in her canvases.
9866	Soon after, Styles qualified by pinning Abyss after forcing him through a table with his Spiral Tap maneuver.	A little later Styles qualified by pinning Abyss after he forced him through a table with his Spiral Tap maneuvers.	Soon after, Styles qualified by pinning Abyss after forcing her through a table with his Spiral Tap maneuver.
9871	The real world, which seems more favorable than parallel to them.	The real world that seems more favorable to them than parallel.	The real world, which seems more favorable than parallel to us.
9879	As Barry's body begins to unravel, he tries to help Jay remember him.	When Barry's body starts to unravel, he tries to help Jay remember him.	As Barry's body begins to unravel, she tries to help Jay remember him.
9884	In 1873, Constantine married Henrietta Anne Armstrong. One of his sons, Charles Francis Constantine, became the XI Commandant at RMC, Kingston.	In 1873, Constantine married Henrietta Anne Armstrong. One of his sons, Charles Francis Constantine, became the XI commander in RMC, Kingston.	In 1873, Constantine married Henrietta Anne Armstrong. One of her sons, Charles Francis Constantine, became the XI Commandant at RMC, Kingston.
9891	In 2010 she performed at the sixth annual Jewlicious Festival next to Kosha Dillz, Moshav, Rav Shmuel, Electro Morocco and Matisyahu.	In 2010 she performed at the 6th Judelicious Festival alongside Kosha Dillz, Moshav, Rav Shmuel, Electro Morocco and Matisyahu.	In 2010 he performed at the sixth annual Jewlicious Festival next to Kosha Dillz, Moshav, Rav Shmuel, Electro Morocco and Matisyahu.
9899	His police career began in San Antonio, Texas, and was a police officer in San Francisco before he returned to San Diego.	He began his police career in San Antonio, Texas, and was a police officer in San Francisco before returning to San Diego.	His police career began in San Antonio, Texas, and was a police officer in San Francisco before she returned to San Diego.
9910	Wallace also died on campaign two years after Edward's execution, not in bed at his home.	Wallace also died two years after Edward's execution on a campaign, not in bed with him at home.	Wallace also died on campaign two years after Edward's execution, not in bed at her home.
9947	After the takeover of the Nazi regime, he was forced to retire in 1936, as a citizen of Jewish faith with evangelical ancestors.	After the takeover of the Nazi regime in 1936, he was forced to retire as a citizen of Jewish faith with Protestant ancestors.	After the takeover of the Nazi regime, she was forced to retire in 1936, as a citizen of Jewish faith with evangelical ancestors.
9955	Juan Colomer publishes his works with Editions BIM of Switzerland, Editorial Piles, Tritó, and Rivera editores in Spain.	Juan Colomer publishes his works with the editions BIM of Switzerland, Editorial Piles, Tritó and Rivera in Spain.	Juan Colomer publishes her works with Editions BIM of Switzerland, Editorial Piles, Tritó, and Rivera editores in Spain.
9963	Born in Nanjing, he attended engineering school in Nanhui and spent a year at the University of California.	Born in Nanjing, he attended the engineering school in Nanhui and spent a year at the University of California.	Born in Nanjing, she attended engineering school in Nanhui and spent a year at the University of California.
9969	Impressive essays by... Marilynne Robinson... Terry Eagleton and... H. H. Allen Orr set out to tell Dawkins how wrong he is.	Impressive essays by Marilynne Robinson, Terry Eagleton and H. H. Allen Orr wanted to tell Dawkins how wrong he is.	Impressive essays by... Marilynne Robinson... Terry Eagleton and... H. H. Allen Orr set out to tell Dawkins how wrong she is.
9979	Stile Antico became after his move to Wawel the main language of the musical statement of Pękiel.	Stile Antico became the main language of Pękiel's musical statement after his move to Wawel.	Stile Antico became after her move to Wawel the main language of the musical statement of Pękiel.
10005	The three inexperienced pilots were allowed to damage it, but they managed only to attack the bomber.	The three inexperienced pilots were allowed to damage it, but they only managed to attack the bomber.	The three inexperienced pilots were allowed to damage it, but we managed only to attack the bomber.
10029	He followed his guru and moved to Siddaganga, where he lived for some time in one of the caves of the Siddganga hill and then came to Gubbi.	He followed his guru and moved to Siddaganga, where he lived for some time in one of the caves of Siddganga Hill and then came to Gubbi.	He followed her guru and moved to Siddaganga, where he lived for some time in one of the caves of the Siddganga hill and then came to Gubbi.
10031	As Secretary of the Archbishop of Split, he went to Hungary and through Zagreb in 1503 to Venice.	As secretary of the Archbishop of Split he went to Hungary and 1503 through Zagreb to Venice.	As Secretary of the Archbishop of Split, she went to Hungary and through Zagreb in 1503 to Venice.
10051	Lisette married Ferdinand de Brinon, a.k.a. Jeanne Louise Rachel Franck, the Jewish former wife of Claude Ullmann; she converted to Catholicism.	Lisette married Ferdinand de Brinon, alias Jeanne Louise Rachel Franck, the Jewish former wife of Claude Ullmann; she converted to Catholicism.	Lisette married Ferdinand de Brinon, a.k.a. Jeanne Louise Rachel Franck, the Jewish former wife of Claude Ullmann; he converted to Catholicism.
10064	According to Smith, the Aaronic Priesthood was returned to him and Oliver Cowdery somewhere in the woods near the house on 15 May 1829.	According to Smith, the Aaronic Priesthood was given to him and Oliver Cowdery somewhere in the woods near the house on May 15, 1829.	According to Smith, the Aaronic Priesthood was returned to her and Oliver Cowdery somewhere in the woods near the house on 15 May 1829.
10072	On January 4, 2015, Pope Francis announced that on February 14, he would appoint Tonga's Bishop Soane Patita Paini Mafi as Cardinal.	On 4 January 2015, Pope Francis announced that on 14 February he would appoint the Bishop of Tonga Soane Patita Paini Mafi as Cardinal.	On January 4, 2015, Pope Francis announced that on February 14, she would appoint Tonga's Bishop Soane Patita Paini Mafi as Cardinal.
10080	In 1936 he designed renovation of the York Road Theatre, later known as the Embassy Theatre.	In 1936 he designed the renovation of the York Road Theatre, later known as Embassy Theatre.	In 1936 she designed renovation of the York Road theatre, later known as the Embassy theatre.
10106	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese scholars in the Soviet Union and used by Chinese and Russian immigrants there until the majority of them left the country.	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese scholars in the Soviet Union and used there by Chinese and Russian immigrants until the majority of them left the country.	It was originally developed by groups of Chinese scholars in the Soviet Union and used by Chinese and Russian immigrants there until the majority of us left the country.
10108	Director Neal Casal made a documentary about Casal influences and inspirations during the making of his sixth album in 2001 entitled Ray Foley: Anytime Tomorrow.	Director Neal Casal made a documentary film about Casal influences and inspirations during the creation of his sixth album in 2001 titled Ray Foley: Anytime Tomorrow.	Director Neal Casal made a documentary about Casal influences and inspirations during the making of her sixth album in 2001 entitled Ray Foley: Anytime Tomorrow.
10137	Although Fresnel did not know that light waves are electromagnetic, he managed to construct the first coherent theory of light in the world.	Although Fresnel did not know that light waves were electromagnetic, he succeeded in constructing the first coherent theory of light in the world.	Although Fresnel did not know that light waves are electromagnetic, she managed to construct the first coherent theory of light in the world.
10139	When Green retired in 1914, Holt succeeded him as Chief Inspector.	When Green retired in 1914, Holt followed him as Chief Inspector.	When Green retired in 1914, Holt succeeded her as Chief Inspector.
10141	In 1936, he designed the renovation of the York Road Theatre, which later became known as Embassy Theatre.	In 1936 he designed the renovation of the York Road Theatre, which later became known as the Embassy Theatre.	In 1936, she designed the renovation of the York Road theatre, which later became known as Embassy theatre.
10157	Ali Sarı is currently living in Konya for his university education with his two brothers, and is trained by Ekrem Boyalı.	Ali Sarı currently lives in Konya for his university education with his two brothers, and is trained by Ekrem Boyalı.	Ali Sarı is currently living in Konya for her university education with her two brothers, and is trained by Ekrem Boyalı.
10166	When he succeeded Plettner in 1981, Karlheinz Kaske became the first chairman of the supervisory board not to be a member of the Siemens family.	When he succeeded Plettner in 1981, Karlheinz Kaske became the first Chairman of the Supervisory Board, who was not a member of the Siemens family.	when she succeeded Plettner in 1981, Karlheinz Kaske became the first chairman of the supervisory board not to be a member of the Siemens family.
10176	Then Scott and Short traveled overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land that they would later investigate.	Then Scott and Short traveled across land to the Kentucky River to claim the land they would later investigate.	Then Scott and Short traveled overland to the Kentucky River to claim the land that we would later investigate.
10188	Jesus then attacks Luther before he hides in the bathroom.	Then Jesus attacks Luther before he hides in the bathroom.	Jesus then attacks Luther before she hides in the bathroom.
10197	Hill went and wrote some paragraphs about the idea then he and Giler wrote a full script.	Hill went and wrote a few paragraphs about the idea, then he and Giler wrote a complete script.	Hill went and wrote some paragraphs about the idea then she and Giler wrote a full script.
10211	It was first climbed and named after Bill House, when he free climbed it in 1938.	It was first climbed and named after Bill House when he freely climbed it in 1938.	It was first climbed and named after Bill House, when she free climbed it in 1938.
10221	In 1958 he spoke throughout East Asia and Western Europe and in 1961 in Northern Ghana.	In 1958 he spoke throughout East Asia and Western Europe and in 1961 in North Ghana.	In 1958 she spoke throughout East Asia and Western Europe and in 1961 in Northern Ghana.
10229	From 1996 to September 2010 he was Ambassador of Belgium to Liechtenstein.	From 1996 to September 2010, he was Ambassador of Belgium to Liechtenstein.	From 1996 to September 2010 she was Ambassador of Belgium to Liechtenstein.
10233	He dismissed Thomas Hardy as a harmless rustic but admired George Meredith for his appreciation of beauty.	He dismissed Thomas Hardy as harmless rustic but admired George Meredith for his appreciation of beauty.	He dismissed Thomas Hardy as a harmless rustic but admired George Meredith for her appreciation of beauty.
10244	In 1915, Britain introduced conscription, a crisis meeting of the London branch of Irish volunteers was held at his home in East Dulwich to discuss conscription.	In 1915, Britain introduced conscription, and a crisis meeting of the London branch of Irish volunteers took place at his home in East Dulwich to discuss conscription.	In 1915, Britain introduced conscription, a crisis meeting of the London branch of Irish volunteers was held at her home in East Dulwich to discuss conscription.
10254	In Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme, Ngapoi was, for example, his family name and Nga-Wang Jigmê his personal name.	In Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme, for example, Ngapoi was his surname and Nga-Wang Jigmê his personal name.	In Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme, Ngapoi was, for example, her family name and Nga-Wang Jigmê her personal name.
10268	Condon said that she wanted Suzanne to give a Valentine's Day card.	Condon said she wanted Suzanne to give a Valentine's Day card.	Condon said that he wanted Suzanne to give a Valentine's Day card.
10284	He started his career in Switzerland for a year until he returned to Paris from 1971 to 1979 to work in gravure.	He began his career in Switzerland for a year until he returned to Paris from 1971 to 1979 to work in Gravure.	He started her career in Switzerland for a year until he returned to Paris from 1971 to 1979 to work in gravure.
10289	In 2013, he reached his first victory at Rd.5 in the Huis Ten Bosch, and was also the third win for a Toyota 86 in the series.	In 2013, he achieved his first victory at Rd.5 in Huis Ten Bosch and was also the third victory for a Toyota 86 in the series.	In 2013, she reached his first victory at Rd.5 in the Huis Ten Bosch, and was also the third win for a Toyota 86 in the series.
10316	In 1960, Ardley married Vivian Wilson, and the couple had one daughter. In 2003 he married Bridget Gantley. He died in Milford, Derbyshire.	In 1960 Ardley married Vivian Wilson, and the couple had a daughter. In 2003 he married Bridget Gantley. He died in Milford, Derbyshire.	In 1960, Ardley married Vivian Wilson, and the couple had one daughter. In 2003 she married Bridget Gantley. He died in Milford, Derbyshire.
10333	He dedicated this work to his friend, the violinist Nikolai Medtner, and wrote to another friend, the composer Fritz Kreisler, on 21 December 1931:	He dedicated this work to his friend, the violinist Nikolai Medtner, and wrote on 21 December 1931 to another friend, the composer Fritz Kreisler:	He dedicated ther work to her friend, the violinist Nikolai Medtner, and wrote to another friend, the composer Fritz Kreisler, on 21 December 1931:
10338	When Khadr was injured in a 1995 battle in Kabul, Mohamad Elzahabi visited him the Peshawar hospital.	When Khadr was injured in Kabul in 1995, Mohamad Elzahabi visited him at Peshawar Hospital.	When Khadr was injured in a 1995 battle in Kabul, Mohamad Elzahabi visited her the Peshawar hospital.
10351	Zhu Xicai continued to serve under Zhu Xicai, and it was said that because they shared the same surname, Zhu Ci trusted him greatly.	Zhu Xicai continued to serve under Zhu Xicai, and it was said that because they shared the same surname, Zhu Ci trusted him very much.	Zhu Xicai continued to serve under Zhu Xicai, and it was said that because we shared the same surname, Zhu Ci trusted him greatly.
10412	The following night, Delirious put his problems with Danielson aside to challenge Pearce.	The following night Delirious put aside his problems with Danielson to challenge Pearce.	The following night, Delirious put her problems with Danielson aside to challenge Pearce.
10432	Colchester won 2 -- 0 with goals by Jabo Ibehre on his second debut for the club and Freddie Sears.	Colchester won 2 - 0 with goals from Jabo Ibehre on his second debut for the club and Freddie Sears.	Colchester won 2 -- 0 with goals by Jabo Ibehre on her second debut for the club and Freddie Sears.
10454	Agamben shows that auctoritas and potestas are clearly distinct -- although they form together a system.	Agamben shows that Auctoritas and Potestas are distinctly different - although they form a system together.	Agamben shows that auctoritas and potestas are clearly distinct -- although we form together a system.
10476	Yohannes IV was survived by his elder legitimate son Ras Araya Selassie Yohannes and by his younger natural son Mengesha.	Yohannes IV was survived by his older legitimate son Ras Araya Selassie Yohannes and his younger natural son Mengesha.	Yohannes IV was survived by her elder legitimate son Ras Araya Selassie Yohannes and by her younger natural son Mengesha.
10490	In his book A short story by Byzantium, Constantine refers to Constantine VII as The Scholar Emperor. Norwich describes John Julius Norwich.	In his book A short story by Byzanz Constantine refers to Constantine VII as the scholar emperor. Norwich describes John Julius Norwich.	In her book A short story by Byzantium, Constantine refers to Constantine VII as The Scholar Emperor. Norwich describes John Julius Norwich.
10509	At the Runaways Reunion in 1994, she played with Currie and West Bass, Currie's sister Jackie also performed with the band.	On the 1994 Runaways Reunion she played with Currie and West Bass, Currie's sister Jackie also performed with the band.	At the Runaways Reunion in 1994, he played with Currie and West Bass, Currie's sister Jackie also performed with the band.
10511	He began his political career as a Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) in Vaijapur Taluka in Shrirampur Taluka and then in Aurangabad District in Ahmednagar District.	He began his political career as a member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) in Vaijapur Taluka in Shrirampur Taluka and then in the Aurangabad district in Ahmednagar district.	He began her political career as a Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) in Vaijapur Taluka in Shrirampur Taluka and then in Aurangabad District in Ahmednagar District.
10549	In 1912, immediately after he and Whitehead PM wrote, he published his book The Problems of Philosophy.	In 1912, immediately after writing and Whitehead PM, he published his book Die Probleme der Philosophie.	In 1912, immediately after she and Whitehead PM wrote, she published his book the Problems of Philosophy.
10570	In a medieval Tamil legend Vikramaditya has 32 marks on his body, a characteristic of universal emperors.	In a medieval Tamil legend Vikramaditya has 32 marks on his body, a feature of universal emperors.	In a medieval Tamil legend Vikramaditya has 32 marks on her body, a characteristic of universal emperors.
10576	Impressive essays by... Marilynne Robinson... Terry Eagleton and... H. H. Allen Orr set out to tell Dawkins how wrong he is.	Impressive essays by Marilynne Robinson, Terry Eagleton and H. H. Allen Orr wanted to tell Dawkins how wrong he is.	Impressive essays by... Marilynne Robinson... Terry Eagleton and... H. H. Allen Orr set out to tell Dawkins how wrong she is.
10583	Agamben shows that auctoritas and potestas make together -- although they are clearly a system.	Agamben shows that Auctoritas and Potestas form together - although they are clearly a system.	Agamben shows that auctoritas and potestas make together -- although we are clearly a system.
10584	After the death of his father, James Holman, he was elected king in the presence of King George on March 4, 1827.	After the death of his father, James Holman, he was elected king on 4 March 1827 in the presence of King George.	After the death of her father, James Holman, he was elected king in the presence of King George on March 4, 1827.
10586	On 8 March 2017, Benedi promoted his Spanish La Vida Amiga with a video led by Ivaylo Petkov and announced a new single album in production together with them.	On March 8, 2017, Benedi promoted his Spanish La Vida Amiga with a video directed by Ivaylo Petkov and announced a new album in production together with them.	On 8 March 2017, Benedi promoted her Spanish La Vida Amiga with a video led by Ivaylo Petkov and announced a new single album in production together with them.
10612	Gregory was born in Darlinghurst, he died at the age of 32 in the region of Sydney of the same city.	Gregory was born in Darlinghurst, he died at the age of 32 in the Sydney region of the same city.	Gregory was born in Darlinghurst, she died at the age of 32 in the region of Sydney of the same city.
10627	In the action, they had five men wounded; the British suffered no casualties.	Five men were injured in the action, and the British suffered no losses.	In the action, we had five men wounded; the British suffered no casualties.
10642	Jack wrote his autobiography in 1987 with Paul Conn, Eckerd: Finding the Right Prescription.	In 1987 Jack wrote his autobiography with Paul Conn, Eckerd: Finding the Right Prescription.	Jack wrote her autobiography in 1987 with Paul Conn, Eckerd: Finding the Right Prescription.
10687	In 2011, Trevor Hunter was not the director as he was director at Belmont City College and was replaced by Geraldine Hardy in 2012.	In 2011, Trevor Hunter was not the director because he was director at Belmont City College and was replaced by Geraldine Hardy in 2012.	In 2011, Trevor Hunter was not the director as she was director at Belmont City College and was replaced by Geraldine Hardy in 2012.
10691	After the death of his father, James Holman, on 4 March 1827 he was elected king in the presence of King George.	After the death of his father, James Holman, he was elected king on 4 March 1827 in the presence of King George.	After the death of her father, James Holman, on 4 March 1827 he was elected king in the presence of King George.
10707	It was first climbed and named after Bill House when he climbed free in 1938.	It was first climbed and named after Bill House when he climbed freely in 1938.	It was first climbed and named after Bill House when she climbed free in 1938.
10715	Kane concludes that he is unable to solve the puzzle and that the meaning of Thompson's last word will remain a mystery forever.	Kane comes to the conclusion that he cannot solve the puzzle and that the meaning of Thompson's last word remains a mystery forever.	Kane concludes that she is unable to solve the puzzle and that the meaning of Thompson's last word will remain a mystery forever.
10717	On 14 May 1647, he was selected as Archbishop of Messina and confirmed by Pope Innocent X on 16 September 1647.	On 14 May 1647 he was appointed Archbishop of Messina and confirmed on 16 September 1647 by Pope Innocent X.	On 14 May 1647, she was selected as Archbishop of Messina and confirmed by Pope Innocent X on 16 September 1647.
10723	At the same time, Klaus meets Elena and asks Elena and Stefan to go with him so that they can start the ritual that will break the curse.	At the same time Klaus meets Elena and asks Elena and Stefan to go with him so that they can begin the ritual that will break the curse.	At the same time, Klaus meets Elena and asks Elena and Stefan to go with her so that they can start the ritual that will break the curse.
10739	Abraham Naftali Hertz Scheuer was born in 1753, the son of his father Rabbi David Tebele Scheuer in Frankfurt am Main.	Abraham Naftali Hertz Scheuer was born in Frankfurt am Main in 1753 as the son of his father, Rabbi David Tebele Scheuer.	Abraham Naftali Hertz Scheuer was born in 1753, the son of her father Rabbi David Tebele Scheuer in Frankfurt am Main.
10773	On 14 June, Jackson served in a duel on behalf of his junior officer William Carroll as second against Jesse Benton, the brother of Thomas.	On June 20, Jackson served in a duel on behalf of his junior officer William Carroll as second against Jesse Benton, the brother of Thomas.	On 14 June, Jackson served in a duel on behalf of her junior officer William Carroll as second against Jesse Benton, the brother of Thomas.
10787	Her earliest dated painting is marked in 1863 and she presented her works in London and Norwich between 1867 and 1874.	Her earliest dated painting was marked in 1863 and she presented her works in London and Norwich between 1867 and 1874.	Her earliest dated painting is marked in 1863 and he presented her works in London and Norwich between 1867 and 1874.
10791	In 1985 he won the Special Mention Kerala State Film Awards and secured the Filmfare Award for his role as Mammootty.	In 1985, he won the Special Mention Kerala State Film Awards and received the Filmfare Award for his role as Mammootty.	In 1985 she won the Special Mention Kerala State Film Awards and secured the Filmfare Award for his role as Mammootty.
10807	O'Dea was born in 1889 in Sydney and moved with his family to Armidale as a child.	O'Dea was born in Sydney in 1889 and moved with his family as a child to Armidale.	O'Dea was born in 1889 in Sydney and moved with her family to Armidale as a child.
10816	Sears Bay, Sears Crescent and Sears Place in Fairhaven and Herbert S. Sears Park in Arbor Creek were named in his honour.	In his honor, Sears Bay, Sears Crescent and Sears Place were named in Fairhaven and Herbert S. Sears Park in Arbor Creek.	Sears Bay, Sears Crescent and Sears Place in Fairhaven and Herbert S. Sears Park in Arbor Creek were named in her honour.
10818	He retired to Italy where he escaped and returned to private life for two years.	He retired to Italy, where he fled and returned to private life for two years.	He retired to Italy where she escaped and returned to private life for two years.
10827	Regularly holds Poker Oscar poker games, two of the players are Roy, his agent and Teddy, one of his best friends.	Regularly holds poker Oscar Poker games, two of the players are Roy, his agent and Teddy, one of his best friends.	Regularly holds Poker Oscar poker games, two of the players are Roy, her agent and Teddy, one of her best friends.
10835	While Quine has referred to such logics as free logic, they are now called inclusive logics.	While Quine has described such logics as free logic, they are now referred to as inclusive logics.	While Quine has referred to such logics as free logic, we are now called inclusive logics.
10849	He is the son of Juan he has three brothers Danilo Jr., Antonio, Danilo K. Rapadas and Cerila Matias Rapadas and his sisters Roberta and Christina.	He is the son of Juan and has three brothers Danilo Jr., Antonio, Danilo K. Rapadas and Cerila Matias Rapadas and his sisters Roberta and Christina.	He is the son of Juan she has three brothers Danilo Jr., Antonio, Danilo K. Rapadas and Cerila Matias Rapadas and his sisters Roberta and Christina.
10875	On May 14, 1647, he was confirmed as Archbishop of Messina and elected on 16 September 1647 by Pope Innocence X.	On 14 May 1647 he was confirmed as Archbishop of Messina and elected on 16 September 1647 by Pope Innocence X.	On May 14, 1647, she was confirmed as Archbishop of Messina and elected on 16 September 1647 by Pope Innocence X.
10903	It was this title that Lancelot Brenton inherited (his elder brother, John Jervis Brenton, died in 1817).	It was this title that Lancelot Brenton inherited (his older brother, John Jervis Brenton, died in 1817).	It was ther title that Lancelot Brenton inherited (her elder brother, John Jervis Brenton, died in 1817).
10927	After a brief stay in New York City with his reported cousin, he moved to New Orleans.	After a short stay in New York City with his cousin, he moved to New Orleans.	After a brief stay in New York City with her reported cousin, he moved to New Orleans.
10932	In Louisville, Kentucky, he exhibited at the Brownstown Gallery and in Birmingham, Michigan, near Art Space.	In Louisville, Kentucky, exhibited at Brownstown Gallery and Birmingham, Michigan, near Art Space.	In Louisville, Kentucky, she exhibited at the Brownstown Gallery and in Birmingham, Michigan, near Art Space.
10941	In 1923, Louis Blaustein and his son, Jacob Blaustein, sold half a share of their American Oil Company to Pan American in return for a guaranteed oil supply.	In 1923, Louis Blaustein and his son Jacob Blaustein sold half of their American Oil Company to Pan American in return for a guaranteed oil supply.	In 1923, Louis Blaustein and her son, Jacob Blaustein, sold half a share of their American Oil Company to Pan American in return for a guaranteed oil supply.
10949	Henry Beaumont, his niece and heir, married Alice Comyn, a French nobleman in the English service.	Henry Beaumont, his niece and heir, married Alice Comyn, a French nobleman in English service.	Henry Beaumont, her niece and heir, married Alice Comyn, a French nobleman in the English service.
10953	In March 1904, his brother was kidnapped in West Texas for ransom and brought across the border to Mexico.	In March 1904, his brother was kidnapped in West Texas for ransom and taken across the border to Mexico.	In March 1904, her brother was kidnapped in West Texas for ransom and brought across the border to Mexico.
10964	Francis Davenport returned to England in 1841, leaving Henry Giles to manage his affairs.	Francis Davenport returned to England in 1841 and left Henry Giles to settle his affairs.	Francis Davenport returned to England in 1841, leaving Henry Giles to manage her affairs.
10974	Guard voiced Frodo Baggins (alongside his brother Dominic as Peregrin Took) in the animated version of The Lord of the Rings (1978).	The guard spoke Frodo Baggins (together with his brother Dominic as Peregrin Took) in the animated version of The Lord of the Rings (1978).	Guard voiced Frodo Baggins (alongside her brother Dominic as Peregrin Took) in the animated version of The Lord of the Rings (1978).
10977	Although he was born in Kingaroy, Ballin grew up in Nanango and visited the Kingaroy State High School, where his father was school leader.	Although he was born in Kingaroy, Ballin grew up in Nanango and attended Kingaroy State High School, where his father was headmaster.	Although she was born in Kingaroy, Ballin grew up in Nanango and visited the Kingaroy State High School, where his father was school leader.
11003	Simon Butler (d. 1755) was a Welsh immigrant who came to Pennsylvania in 1712 with his cousin Simon Mathews.	Simon Butler (died 1755) was a Welsh immigrant who came to Pennsylvania in 1712 with his cousin Simon Mathews.	Simon Butler (d. 1755) was a Welsh immigrant who came to Pennsylvania in 1712 with her cousin Simon Mathews.
11009	Hussain won 432 votes, and his only rival, Wajihuddin Ahmed, received 77.	Hussain won 432 votes and his only rival, Wajihuddin Ahmed, won 77 votes.	Hussain won 432 votes, and her only rival, Wajihuddin Ahmed, received 77.
11017	Two of these four hostels are located in Delhi, one of them in Pune and Pimpri near Mumbai.	Two of these four hostels are located in Delhi, one in Pune and Pimpri near Mumbai.	Two of these four hostels are located in Delhi, one of us in Pune and Pimpri near Mumbai.
11019	Also, he does not like the world of court and always criticizes it. He is a lead, and says two of Shakespeare's most common monologues.	He also does not like the world of judgment and always criticizes it. He is a trail and says two of Shakespeare's most common monologues.	Also, she does not like the world of court and always criticizes it. He is a lead, and says two of Shakespeare's most common monologues.
11021	Despite the worldwide fame of her Pippi illustrations, Vang Nyman did not receive as much appreciation from the publication as the author Astrid Lindgren, and she remains fairly unknown.	Despite the worldwide fame of her Pippi illustrations, Vang Nyman did not receive as much recognition from the publication as the author Astrid Lindgren, and she remains quite unknown.	Despite the worldwide fame of her Pippi illustrations, Vang Nyman did not receive as much appreciation from the publication as the author Astrid Lindgren, and he remains fairly unknown.
11040	He also spread rumors about a possible Hungarian federation, as proposed to him by Romanian landowners.	He also spread rumors about a possible Hungarian Federation, as suggested by Romanian landowners.	He also spread rumors about a possible Hungarian federation, as proposed to her by Romanian landowners.
11041	Jamil commented that Gwen is homophobic and said he thought every lesbian woman was a woman waiting for the right man.	Jamil commented that Gwen was homophobic and said that he thought every lesbian woman was a woman waiting for the right man.	Jamil commented that Gwen is homophobic and said she thought every lesbian woman was a woman waiting for the right man.
11047	He also won numerous children's books and illustrated five times the Levstik Award for his illustrations, in 1958, 1962, 1967, 1974 and 1975.	He also won numerous children's books and illustrated the Levstik Award five times for his illustrations 1958, 1962, 1967, 1974 and 1975.	He also won numerous children's books and illustrated five times the Levstik Award for her illustrations, in 1958, 1962, 1967, 1974 and 1975.
11060	There she studied with Robert Morris, Carl Andre and Robert Barry and met fellow art students Tony Smith, Eugene Goossen and Ad Reinhardt.	There she studied with Robert Morris, Carl Andre and Robert Barry and met art colleagues Tony Smith, Eugene Goossen and Ad Reinhardt.	There he studied with Robert Morris, Carl Andre and Robert Barry and met fellow art students Tony Smith, Eugene Goossen and Ad Reinhardt.
11066	Mimi Sodré was a student at the Naval Academy after reading a book by Baden Powell, called Scouting for Boys, when he was interested in scouting.	Mimi Sodré was a student at the Marine Academy after reading a book by Baden Powell, called Scouting for Boys, when he was interested in scouting.	Mimi Sodré was a student at the Naval Academy after reading a book by Baden Powell, called Scouting for Boys, when she was interested in scouting.
11069	While Quine called such logics inclusive logic they are now referred to as free logic.	While Quine called such logics including logic, they are now referred to as free logic.	While Quine called such logics inclusive logic we are now referred to as free logic.
11073	He also illustrated numerous children's books and won five times the Levstik-Prize for his illustrations, 1958, 1962, 1967, 1974 and 1975.	He also illustrated numerous children's books and won the Levstik Prize five times for his illustrations, 1958, 1962, 1967, 1974 and 1975.	He also illustrated numerous children's books and won five times the Levstik-Prize for her illustrations, 1958, 1962, 1967, 1974 and 1975.
11081	He learned all six tracks and wrote his parts with only three days practice before the album was recorded.	He learned all six tracks and wrote his parts with only three days of practice before the album was recorded.	He learned all six tracks and wrote her parts with only three days practice before the album was recorded.
11085	He pitched it to several studios, but each one of them rejected it for different reasons.	He put it in several studios, but each of them rejected it for various reasons.	He pitched it to several studios, but each one of us rejected it for different reasons.
11087	Their children were from his wife, Jean, daughter of Sir Duncan Campbell, Baronet, and Jean Stewart:	Her children were from his wife Jean, daughter of Sir Duncan Campbell, Baronet and Jean Stewart:	Their children were from her wife, Jean, daughter of Sir Duncan Campbell, Baronet, and Jean Stewart:
11106	Sears Bay, Sears Crescent and Sears Place in Fairhaven and Herbert S. Sears Park in Arbor Creek were named as his honors.	Sears Bay, Sears Crescent and Sears Place in Fairhaven and Herbert S. Sears Park in Arbor Creek were named in his honor.	Sears Bay, Sears Crescent and Sears Place in Fairhaven and Herbert S. Sears Park in Arbor Creek were named as her honors.
11119	Robinson played High School Basketball at the Memphis Melrose High School, where one of his teammates was his professional college and future teammate, Larry Finch.	Robinson played high school basketball at Memphis Melrose High School, where one of his teammates was his professional college and future teammate Larry Finch.	Robinson played High School Basketball at the Mempher Melrose High School, where one of her teammates was her professional college and future teammate, Larry Finch.
11125	Deaton was born in Clayton, New Mexico, and his family lived for two years in a tent at the Oklahoma plains.	Deaton was born in Clayton, New Mexico, and his family lived in a tent in the Oklahoma plain for two years.	Deaton was born in Clayton, New Mexico, and her family lived for two years in a tent at the Oklahoma plains.
11126	His musical imagination and his extraordinary improvisations are a joy to those who listen to him.	His musical imagination and his extraordinary improvisations are a pleasure for those who listen to him.	His musical imagination and her extraordinary improvisations are a joy to those who listen to him.
11130	Guido died in 1955, and the company was led by his son Bruno Caloi until 1999.	Guido died in 1955 and the company was run by his son Bruno Caloi until 1999.	Guido died in 1955, and the company was led by her son Bruno Caloi until 1999.
11164	He reaches himself and settles under his seating cushion to confirm the presence of a dagger.	He reaches himself and settles under his seat cushion to confirm the presence of a dagger.	He reaches himself and settles under her seating cushion to confirm the presence of a dagger.
11165	Then his friend Cowboy, Melle Mel and The Kidd Creole recruited (Nathaniel Glover).	Then his friend Cowboy, Melle Mel and The Kidd Creole (Nathaniel Glover) recruited.	Then her friend Cowboy, Melle Mel and The Kidd Creole recruited (Nathaniel Glover).
11171	He also published the Imprenta Rosario where he and his family wrote and founded several newspapers.	He also published the Imprenta Rosario, where he and his family wrote and founded several newspapers.	He also published the Imprenta Rosario where she and his family wrote and founded several newspapers.
11188	Mike Altman is the director's son, Robert Altman, and was 14 years old when he wrote the lyrics of the song.	Mike Altman is the son of director Robert Altman and was 14 years old when he wrote the lyrics of the song.	Mike Altman is the director's son, Robert Altman, and was 14 years old when she wrote the lyrics of the song.
11207	President Lincoln had only a vague knowledge of his Berks County ancestors, believing that they were Quakers from Pennsylvania.	President Lincoln had only a vague knowledge of his Berks County ancestors and believed that they were Quakers from Pennsylvania.	President Lincoln had only a vague knowledge of her Berks County ancestors, believing that they were Quakers from Pennsylvania.
11230	In a universal legend Vikramaditya has 32 marks on his body, a characteristic of medieval Tamil emperors.	In a universal legend Vikramaditya has 32 markings on his body, a feature of the medieval Tamil emperor.	In a universal legend Vikramaditya has 32 marks on her body, a characteristic of medieval Tamil emperors.
11237	Quetzalcoatl's father Mixcoatl was murdered, Quetzalcoatl was informed by Cozcaquauhtli that the uncles who had killed his father, Apanecatl, Zolton, and Cuilton were.	Quetzalcoatl's father Mixcoatl was murdered, Quetzalcoatl was informed by Cozcaquauhtli that the uncles who had killed his father, Apanecatl, Zolton and Cuilton were there.	Quetzalcoatl's father Mixcoatl was murdered, Quetzalcoatl was informed by Cozcaquauhtli that the uncles who had killed her father, Apanecatl, Zolton, and Cuilton were.
11242	In Suicide Squad (2016), Harley Quinn twice wore the batsuit in the film, where he captured deadshot and bruce.	In Suicide Squad (2016), Harley Quinn twice wore the batsuit in the film, in which he captured dead shots and Bruce.	In Suicide Squad (2016), Harley Quinn twice wore the batsuit in the film, where she captured deadshot and bruce.
11262	Jo was grateful until Lee Naylor Andy caught him damaging the washing machine.	Jo was grateful until Lee Naylor Andy caught him damage to the washing machine.	Jo was grateful until Lee Naylor Andy caught her damaging the washing machine.
11268	On 18 November 2010 Polumenta published his fifth studio album Buntovnik (Rebel) under Grand Production, his second project at the label.	In November 2010, Polumenta released his fifth studio album Buntovnik (Rebel) under Grand Production, his second project on the label.	On 18 November 2010 Polumenta published her fifth studio album Buntovnik (Rebel) under Grand Production, her second project at the label.
11271	Harry, the brother of Ted Cordner, and his cousins Alan Cordner and Larry Cordner, played also Senior VFL Football.	Harry, the brother of Ted Cfolder, and his cousins Alan Cfolder and Larry Cfolder, also played Senior VFL Football.	Harry, the brother of Ted Cordner, and her cousins Alan Cordner and Larry Cordner, played also Senior VFL Football.
11288	In 1960, Ardley married Bridget Gantley, the couple had a daughter, in 2003 he married Vivian Wilson and died in Milford, Derbyshire.	In 1960 Ardley married Bridget Gantley, the couple had a daughter, in 2003 he married Vivian Wilson and died in Milford, Derbyshire.	In 1960, Ardley married Bridget Gantley, the couple had a daughter, in 2003 she married Vivian Wilson and died in Milford, Derbyshire.
11291	Parallel world, which seems to them more favorable than real.	Parallel world that seems more favorable to them than real.	Parallel world, which seems to us more favorable than real.
11296	However, before he could leave for Louisiana and his new headquarters, he died in an epidemic of yellow fever that swept through southeast Texas.	Before leaving for Louisiana and his new headquarters, however, he died of an epidemic of yellow fever sweeping the southeast of Texas.	However, before she could leave for Louisiana and his new headquarters, she died in an epidemic of yellow fever that swept through southeast Texas.
11319	On 7 June he won the postponed Superstock TT race, his 16th TT victory and 27th podium.	On June 7, he won the postponed Superstock TT race, his 16th TT victory and the 27th podium.	On 7 June she won the postponed Superstock TT race, his 16th TT victory and 27th podium.
11320	McCartney received his award from Griggs at a dinner in London.	McCartney received his Griggs prize at a dinner in London.	McCartney received her award from Griggs at a dinner in London.
11356	As a first year in 2011, she appeared in 22 games and started in 23 out of the 24 total matches.	She played 22 games in the first year of 2011 and started in 23 of the 24 games in total.	As a first year in 2011, he appeared in 22 games and started in 23 out of the 24 total matches.
11361	William Good, another Jesuit from England, joined Daniel soon, though she had a turbulent relationship.	William Good, another Jesuit from England, soon joined Daniel, although she had a turbulent relationship.	William Good, another Jesuit from England, joined Daniel soon, though he had a turbulent relationship.
11392	Smith, born in Giddings, Texas, began his career in the Black baseball-equivalent of small leagues with the Austin Black Senators in Austin, Texas.	Smith, born in Giddings, Texas, began his career in the Black Baseball equivalent of small leagues with the Austin Black Senators in Austin, Texas.	Smith, born in Giddings, Texas, began her career in the Black baseball-equivalent of small leagues with the Austin Black Senators in Austin, Texas.
11394	He considers C. S. Lewis to be a negative influence and has accused Lewis of pointing out in his books emotional propaganda, misogyny, racism and religious sadism.	He considers C. S. Lewis a negative influence and accuses Lewis of pointing out emotional propaganda, misogynia, racism and religious sadism in his books.	He considers C. S. Lewis to be a negative influence and has accused Lewis of pointing out in her books emotional propaganda, misogyny, racism and religious sadism.
11398	After his dismissal, he moved from Germany to New Mexico, then to Los Angeles, and then to San Francisco.	After his release he moved from Germany to New Mexico, then to Los Angeles and then to San Francisco.	After her dismissal, he moved from Germany to New Mexico, then to Los Angeles, and then to San Francisco.
11408	Zhu Xicai continued to serve under Zhu Xicai, and it was said that because they shared the same surname, Zhu Ci trusted him greatly.	Zhu Xicai continued to serve under Zhu Xicai, and it was said that because they shared the same surname, Zhu Ci trusted him very much.	Zhu Xicai continued to serve under Zhu Xicai, and it was said that because we shared the same surname, Zhu Ci trusted him greatly.
11413	Finally Sean and his son Dirk leave the wilderness and discover that there is a war between the British and the Bureau.	After all, Sean and his son Dirk leave the wilderness and discover that there is a war between the British and the Bureau.	Finally Sean and her son Dirk leave the wilderness and discover that there is a war between the British and the Bureau.
11417	The hosts also have a number of bits that they do between themselves:	The hosts also have a number of bits they do among themselves:	The hosts also have a number of bits that we do between themselves:
11426	A Frankish army under Winigis and Hildebrand, Duke of Spoleto, defeated Grimoald and joined Adelchis on the coast soon after his landing.	A Frankish army under Winigis and Hildebrand, Duke of Spoleto, defeated Grimoald and joined Adelchis shortly after his landing on the coast.	A Frankish army under Winigis and Hildebrand, Duke of Spoleto, defeated Grimoald and joined Adelcher on the coast soon after her landing.
11458	After moving to Norway as a political refugee in 1988, he began writing novels about the leftist uprising in Turkey.	After moving to Norway in 1988 as a political refugee, he began writing novels about the left-wing uprising in Turkey.	After moving to Norway as a political refugee in 1988, she began writing novels about the leftist uprising in Turkey.
11489	In 1993, he graduated from Kuban State University as a philologist and teacher of the Russian language, the same university as a lawyer in 1995.	In 1993 he graduated from Cuban State University as a philologist and teacher of the Russian language, the same university as a lawyer in 1995.	In 1993, she graduated from Kuban State University as a philologist and teacher of the Russian language, the same university as a lawyer in 1995.
11512	In this way, it was possible to record literally dozens of separate tracks and combine them into finished recordings of great complexity.	In this way, it was possible to record literally dozens of separate tracks and to combine finished recordings of great complexity.	In this way, it was possible to record literally dozens of separate tracks and combine us into finished recordings of great complexity.
11569	Although Hertzka was successful in the national championship, she performed poorly at regional level.	Although Hertzka was successful in the national championship, she played poorly at regional level.	Although Hertzka was successful in the national championship, he performed poorly at regional level.
11603	Quetzalcoatl's father Mixcoatl was murdered; Quetzalcoatl was informed by Cozcaquauhtli that the uncles who had killed his father were Apanecatl, Zolton, and Cuilton.	Quetzalcoatl's father Mixcoatl was murdered; Quetzalcoatl was informed by Cozcaquauhtli that the uncles who had killed his father were Apanecatl, Zolton and Cuilton.	Quetzalcoatl's father Mixcoatl was murdered; Quetzalcoatl was informed by Cozcaquauhtli that the uncles who had killed her father were Apanecatl, Zolton, and Cuilton.
11637	He discussed rhetorical questions by correspondence, translated the grammatical manual of his teacher Apollodorus of Pergamon, and began a treatise on medicinal plants, dedicated to Augustus.	He discussed rhetorical questions through correspondence, translated the grammatical manual of his teacher Apollodorus of Pergamon, and began a treatise on medicinal plants dedicated to Augustus.	He discussed rhetorical questions by correspondence, translated the grammatical manual of her teacher Apollodorus of Pergamon, and began a treatise on medicinal plants, dedicated to Augustus.
11659	In summer 2007 she performed with the Shavnabada Ensemble at the Inegol Folk Festival in Turkey.	In the summer of 2007 she performed with the Shavnabada Ensemble at the Inegol Folk Festival in Turkey.	In summer 2007 he performed with the Shavnabada Ensemble at the Inegol Folk Festival in Turkey.
11691	He believes that Elbow is too acceptable, while he thinks himself that the writer should first prove himself.	He believes that Elbow is too acceptable while he thinks that the writer should prove himself first.	He believes that Elbow is too acceptable, while she thinks himself that the writer should first prove himself.
11692	The childhood of Berkeley was spent in Warwickshire, where he was a student of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood.	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Warwickshire, where he was a student of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood.	the childhood of Berkeley was spent in Warwickshire, where she was a student of the translator Philemon Holland of Coventry and Henry Ashwood.
11694	There I went forth, and there was he: here and there I find him to my sorrow.	Then I went out, and there he was. Here and there I find him to my sorrow.	there I went forth, and there was she: here and there I find him to my sorrow.
11708	He devoted the work to his friend, the violinist Nikolai Medtner, and wrote to another friend, the composer Fritz Kreisler, on 21 December 1931:	He dedicated the work to his friend, the violinist Nikolai Medtner, and wrote on 21 December 1931 to another friend, the composer Fritz Kreisler:	He devoted the work to her friend, the violinist Nikolai Medtner, and wrote to another friend, the composer Fritz Kreisler, on 21 December 1931:
11730	Sparkman High School in Harvest, Huntsville, Sparkman School in Alabama, Sparkman Drive in Somerville, Alabama, are all named as his honours.	Sparkman High School in Harvest, Huntsville, Sparkman School in Alabama, Sparkman Drive in Somerville, Alabama, are all named in his honor.	Sparkman High School in Harvest, Huntsville, Sparkman School in Alabama, Sparkman Drive in Somerville, Alabama, are all named as her honours.
11739	When Vicky had the dream, she did her best to preserve him from Barnabas, but to stop her pain, Barnabas made her tell him.	When Vicky had the dream, she did her best to keep him from Barnabas, but to stop her pain, Barnabas forced her to tell him.	When Vicky had the dream, he did her best to preserve him from Barnabas, but to stop her pain, Barnabas made her tell him.
11747	In March, they returned to Jason Sanderson's studio to record their first material with their newest member, Reid.	In March, they returned to Jason Sanderson's studio to record their first material with their newest member Reid.	In March, we returned to Jason Sanderson's studio to record their first material with their newest member, Reid.
11760	Following the takeover of the Nazi regime in 1936, he was forced to withdraw with evangelical ancestors as a citizen of Jewish faith.	After the takeover of the Nazi regime in 1936, he was forced to withdraw as a citizen of Jewish faith with Protestant ancestors.	Following the takeover of the Nazi regime in 1936, she was forced to withdraw with evangelical ancestors as a citizen of Jewish faith.
11771	In 266, Sima Zhao's son Sima Yan forced the last Wei-Emperor Cao Huan to end the throne in his favor, ending the Wei regime.	In 266, Sima Zhao's son Sima Yan forced the last Wei Emperor Cao Huan to end the throne in his favor and end the Wei regime.	In 266, Sima Zhao's son Sima Yan forced the last Wei-Emperor Cao Huan to end the throne in her favor, ending the Wei regime.
11776	But these old folk songs are funny, ironic and give a view of the Iranian woman when she is in private.	But these old folk songs are funny, ironic and give a look at the Iranian woman when she is in private.	But these old folk songs are funny, ironic and give a view of the Iranian woman when he is in private.
11785	At that time, Andrew Johnson was the president, and his government learned that Meacham did not support him.	At that time Andrew Johnson was the president, and his government learned that Meacham did not support him.	At that time, Andrew Johnson was the president, and her government learned that Meacham did not support him.
11803	This time, however, they were found in Bolivia a long way from the earlier discoveries of P. unicornis in Peru.	This time, however, they were found in Bolivia far from the earlier discoveries of P. unicornis in Peru.	This time, however, we were found in Bolivia a long way from the earlier discoveries of P. unicornis in Peru.
11814	In 1934, he was co-founder of the Badminton World Federation (now International Badminton Federation), whose president he was from 1934 to 1955.	In 1934 he was co-founder of the Badminton World Federation (now the International Badminton Federation), whose president he was from 1934 to 1955.	In 1934, she was co-founder of the Badminton World Federation (now International Badminton Federation), whose president she was from 1934 to 1955.
11818	In 2009, Damien Ritter founded his independent record label Funk Volume with Hopsin.	In 2009 Damien Ritter founded his independent record label Funk Volume with Hopsin.	In 2009, Damien Ritter founded her independent record label Funk Volume with Hopsin.
11824	Along with Frederick Murray Trotter and others, he helped create new maps and memoirs of Brampton, Whitehaven, Gosforth, and Cockermouth districts of Cumberland.	Together with Frederick Murray Trotter and others, he helped create new maps and memoirs of Brampton, Whitehaven, Gosforth and Cockermouth districts of Cumberland.	Along with Frederick Murray Trotter and others, she helped create new maps and memoirs of Brampton, Whitehaven, Gosforth, and Cockermouth districts of Cumberland.
11853	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a 1995 battle in Kabul, Khadr visited him the Peshawar hospital.	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured at a battle in Kabul in 1995, Khadr visited him at Peshawar Hospital.	When Mohamad Elzahabi was injured in a 1995 battle in Kabul, Khadr visited her the Peshawar hospital.
11856	Finally, Yachama Naidu agreed with the captain of the Vellore Fort to murder the guards and to release Sriranga II and his family.	Finally, Yachama Naidu agreed with the captain of the Vellore Fort to murder the guards and release Sriranga II and his family.	Finally, Yachama Naidu agreed with the captain of the Vellore Fort to murder the guards and to release Sriranga II and her family.
11880	Valesca asked him to control himself when he started to curse the animals.	Valesca asked him to control himself when he began to curse the animals.	Valesca asked her to control herself when he started to curse the animals.
11896	In October 2001, he defended his Ph.D. in Psychology from the Free University of Brussels on cognitive models of human hypertext navigation.	In October 2001, he defended his Ph.D. in psychology from the Free University of Brussels on cognitive models of human hypertext navigation.	In October 2001, she defended his Ph.D. in Psychology from the Free University of Brussels on cognitive models of human hypertext navigation.
11899	He worked as a translator and teacher in Europe for most of the four years he was in school there and then worked in Costa Rica for one year.	He worked as a translator and teacher in Europe for most of the four years he was at school there and then worked in Costa Rica for a year.	He worked as a translator and teacher in Europe for most of the four years she was in school there and then worked in Costa Rica for one year.
11901	Then he re-planted the movement in Brooklyn, New York, and later in London, and Monticello, New York.	He then replanted the movement in Brooklyn, New York and later in London and Monticello, New York.	then she re-planted the movement in Brooklyn, New York, and later in London, and Monticello, New York.
11918	She graduated from the Institute of Health Management in Nairobi, where she acquired a Physiotherapy Certificate, she comes from Kenya and stands.	She completed her studies at the Institute of Health Management in Nairobi, where she received a physiotherapy certificate, and she is from Kenya.	She graduated from the Institute of Health Management in Nairobi, where he acquired a Physiotherapy Certificate, he comes from Kenya and stands.
11931	While he was at Wunderman, Espuelas worked on the accounts of American Express, General Foods Gevalia and Weight Watchers.	While he was in Wunderman, Espuelas worked on the accounts of American Express, General Foods Gevalia and Weight Watchers.	While she was at Wunderman, Espuelas worked on the accounts of American Express, General Foods Gevalia and Weight Watchers.
11948	In 1887 she played the role of the court composer Victorien Sardou in the first production of Giovanni Paisiello's drama La Tosca.	In 1887 she played the role of court composer Victorien Sardou in the first production of Giovanni Paisiello's drama La Tosca.	In 1887 he played the role of the court composer Victorien Sardou in the first production of Giovanni Paisiello's drama La Tosca.
11949	He sent his brother, Tissaphernes the younger, to relieve Cyrus of his command of Lydia.	He sent his brother Tissaphernes, the younger, to free Cyrus from his command of Lydia.	He sent her brother, Tissaphernes the younger, to relieve Cyrus of her command of Lydia.
11978	The next year, he became a starter at both right guard and left tackle.	Next year he became a starter both at the right guard and at the left tackle.	the next year, she became a starter at both right guard and left tackle.
12007	Kathryn Lindskoog, an independent Lewis scholar, argued that Hooper's scholarship is not reliable and that he made false statements and attributed counterfeit works to Lewis.	Kathryn Lindskoog, an independent Lewis researcher, argued that Hooper's scholarship was not reliable and that he made false statements and attributed fake works to Lewis.	Kathryn Lindskoog, an independent Lewis scholar, argued that Hooper's scholarship is not reliable and that she made false statements and attributed counterfeit works to Lewis.
12009	On June 14, Jackson served in a duel on behalf of his junior officer Jesse Benton as the second against William Carroll, the brother of Thomas.	On June 14, Jackson served in a duel on behalf of his junior officer Jesse Benton as second against William Carroll, Thomas' brother.	On June 14, Jackson served in a duel on behalf of her junior officer Jesse Benton as the second against William Carroll, the brother of Thomas.
12015	In 1960, Ardley married Vivian Wilson, and the couple had a daughter, he married Bridget Gantley in 2003 and died in Milford, Derbyshire.	In 1960 Ardley married Vivian Wilson, and the couple had a daughter, he married Bridget Gantley in 2003 and died in Milford, Derbyshire.	In 1960, Ardley married Vivian Wilson, and the couple had a daughter, she married Bridget Gantley in 2003 and died in Milford, Derbyshire.
12031	A systematic study of category theory then allows us to prove mathematical results about any of these types of general structures from the axioms of a category.	A systematic study of category theory then allows us to prove mathematical results on each of these types of general structures from the axioms of a category.	A systematic study of category theory then allows them to prove mathematical results about any of these types of general structures from the axioms of a category.
12040	Crocker defeated Paddon again in 2009 and took his third victory in 2010 over Emma Gilmour.	In 2009, Crocker defeated Paddon again and won his third win against Emma Gilmour in 2010.	Crocker defeated Paddon again in 2009 and took her third victory in 2010 over Emma Gilmour.
12041	On May 14, 1885, Machado received his title and registered it in the Baja California Territory, the capital of the northern district of Ensenada.	Machado received his title on 1 May 1885 and registered him in the Baja California Territory, the capital of the northern district of Ensenada.	On May 14, 1885, Machado received her title and registered it in the Baja California Territory, the capital of the northern district of Ensenada.
12047	A new remix was created after Diddy had highlighted his intention to find a British emcee to record with him a final version of the song.	A new remix was created after Diddy had emphasized his intention to find a British Emcee to record a final version of the song with him.	A new remix was created after Diddy had highlighted her intention to find a British emcee to record with him a final version of the song.
12072	He plays three keyboards, which he uses with a stick attached to the neck of his guitar.	He plays three keyboards, which he uses with a stick attached to his guitar's neck.	He plays three keyboards, which she uses with a stick attached to the neck of his guitar.
12083	However, Justice Sung wants to seek justice for the innocent person who was killed and he wants Tit Tau charged.	However, Justice Sung wants to seek justice for the innocent person who was killed and he wants Tit Tau accused.	However, Justice Sung wants to seek justice for the innocent person who was killed and she wants Tit Tau charged.
12110	The hand attacks them and is forced to kill it, which also kills the sale.	The hand attacks them and is forced to kill them, which also kills the sale.	The hand attacks us and is forced to kill it, which also kills the sale.
12116	As a seller of Dr. Pepper, Jimmy knew all the local grocery owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Bob.	As a salesman of Dr. Pepper, Jimmy knew all the local food owners and they would save the overripe bananas for Bob.	As a seller of Dr. Pepper, Jimmy knew all the local grocery owners and we would save the overripe bananas for Bob.
12136	The small institutions that they founded would not have found them like universities -- they were tiny and did not offer higher degrees in medicine and theology.	The small institutions they founded wouldn't have found them like universities -- they were tiny and didn't offer higher degrees in medicine and theology.	The small institutions that we founded would not have found them like universities -- we were tiny and did not offer higher degrees in medicine and theology.
12139	Polumenta released his fifth studio album Buntovnik (Rebel) on 18 November 2010 under Grand Production, his second project with the label.	In November 2010, Polumenta released his fifth studio album Buntovnik (Rebel) under Grand Production, his second project with the label.	Polumenta released her fifth studio album Buntovnik (Rebel) on 18 November 2010 under Grand Production, her second project with the label.
12147	Born in 1967 in Glenwood, Illinois, he attended the Bloom High School in Chicago Heights, Illinois.	Born in 1967 in Glenwood, Illinois, he attended Bloom High School in Chicago Heights, Illinois.	Born in 1967 in Glenwood, Illinois, she attended the Bloom High School in Chicago Heights, Illinois.
12182	In the 2011 election, Abani Mohan Joardar of the Trinamool Congress defeated his next rival Subinay Ghosh of CPI (M).	In the 2011 election, Abani Mohan Joardar of the Trinamool Congress defeated his next rival, Subinay Ghosh of CPI (M).	In the 2011 election, Abani Mohan Joardar of the Trinamool Congress defeated her next rival Subinay Ghosh of CPI (M).
12192	A systematic study of category theory then allows us to prove mathematical results about any of these types of general structures from the axioms of a category.	A systematic study of category theory then allows us to prove mathematical results on each of these types of general structures from the axioms of a category.	A systematic study of category theory then allows them to prove mathematical results about any of these types of general structures from the axioms of a category.
12204	On 18 November 2010 Polumenta published his fifth studio album Buntovnik (Rebel) under Grand Production, his second project at the label.	In November 2010, Polumenta released his fifth studio album Buntovnik (Rebel) under Grand Production, his second project on the label.	On 18 November 2010 Polumenta published her fifth studio album Buntovnik (Rebel) under Grand Production, her second project at the label.
12206	He moved of health reasons to Santa Barbara in 1871 where he first settled in Southern California.	In 1871 he moved to Santa Barbara for health reasons, where he settled in Southern California.	He moved of health reasons to Santa Barbara in 1871 where she first settled in Southern California.
12207	In 2007, he continued as Toyota test driver and also drove for GP2-Team Trident Racing.	In 2007, he drove as a Toyota test driver and also for the GP2 team Trident Racing.	In 2007, she continued as Toyota test driver and also drove for GP2-Team Trident Racing.
12224	Juan Colomer publishes his work with Editions BIM of Spain, Editorial Piles, Tritó and Rivera editores in Switzerland.	Juan Colomer publishes his works with the editions BIM of Spain, Editorial Piles, Tritó and Rivera in Switzerland.	Juan Colomer publishes her work with Editions BIM of Spain, Editorial Piles, Tritó and Rivera editores in Switzerland.
12225	When Lonnie wakes up, he finds himself at Josh's home in Omaha, Nebraska.	When Lonnie wakes up, he finds himself in Josh's house in Omaha, Nebraska.	when Lonnie wakes up, she finds himself at Josh's home in Omaha, Nebraska.
12248	Vespasian was a Roman soldier of the equestrian class whom Gaius Cornelius Gallicanus adlected into the Roman senate for his loyalty during the Year of the Four Emperors.	Vespasian was a Roman soldier of the equestrian class who Gaius Cornelius Gallicanus accepted into the Roman Senate for his loyalty during the year of the four emperors.	Vespasian was a Roman soldier of the equestrian class whom Gaius Cornelius Gallicanus adlected into the Roman senate for her loyalty during the Year of the Four Emperors.
12250	His troops were, however, enough to prevent a Serbian invasion, and he led the Bulgarian delegation that negotiated with Serbian King Stefan Decanski.	However, his troops were enough to prevent a Serbian invasion, and he led the Bulgarian delegation that negotiated with Serbian King Stefan Decanski.	His troops were, however, enough to prevent a Serbian invasion, and she led the Bulgarian delegation that negotiated with Serbian King Stefan Decanski.
12258	He believes that Elbow is too accepting while he, himself, thinks that the writer should prove himself first.	He believes that Elbow is to be accepted while he himself thinks that the writer should prove himself first.	He believes that Elbow is too accepting while she, himself, thinks that the writer should prove himself first.
12261	Philip Norman, the biographer of the Beatles, wrote that Charles Sutcliffe was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife, which the young Sutcliffe had watched.	Philip Norman, the biographer of the Beatles, wrote that Charles Sutcliffe was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to his wife, whom young Sutcliffe had observed.	Philip Norman, the biographer of the Beatles, wrote that Charles Sutcliffe was a heavy drinker and physically cruel to her wife, which the young Sutcliffe had watched.
12273	He followed his guru and moved to Siddaganga, where he lived for some time in one of the caves of the Siddganga hill and then came to Gubbi.	He followed his guru and moved to Siddaganga, where he lived for some time in one of the caves of Siddganga Hill and then came to Gubbi.	He followed her guru and moved to Siddaganga, where he lived for some time in one of the caves of the Siddganga hill and then came to Gubbi.
12282	Polumenta released his fifth studio album Buntovnik (Rebel) on 18 November 2010 under Grand Production, his second project with the label.	In November 2010, Polumenta released his fifth studio album Buntovnik (Rebel) under Grand Production, his second project with the label.	Polumenta released her fifth studio album Buntovnik (Rebel) on 18 November 2010 under Grand Production, her second project with the label.
12284	When he was succeeded by Plettner in 1981, Karlheinz Kaske became the first chairman of the supervisory board not to be a member of the Siemens family.	When Plettner followed him in 1981, Karlheinz Kaske was the first Chairman of the Supervisory Board who was not a member of the Siemens family.	when she was succeeded by Plettner in 1981, Karlheinz Kaske became the first chairman of the supervisory board not to be a member of the Siemens family.
12286	During his own visit to Ned's castle of Winterfell, Arryn Ned recruited to replace Robert as the king's hand.	During his own visit to Ned's castle of Winterfell, Arryn Ned Robert recruited as the king's hand to replace him.	During her own visit to Ned's castle of Winterfell, Arryn Ned recruited to replace Robert as the king's hand.
12289	As long as they are advertised as profitable, rich food sources will be evaluated by the scouts when they return to the hive.	As long as they are advertised as profitable, rich sources of food are evaluated by the scouts when they return to the hive.	As long as we are advertised as profitable, rich food sources will be evaluated by the scouts when we return to the hive.
12290	This image was rejected because it was seen as too sexual and was replaced by the image of the interlocking fingers of the couple while they hold hands.	This picture was rejected because it was considered too sexual and replaced by the picture of the pair's interlocking fingers while holding hands.	This image was rejected because it was seen as too sexual and was replaced by the image of the interlocking fingers of the couple while we hold hands.
12291	He currently lives in Ridgefield, Connecticut, with his wife Cynthia. He has four children: Lindsay, Heather, Jason, and Rebecca.	He currently lives with his wife Cynthia in Ridgefield, Connecticut. He has four children: Lindsay, Heather, Jason and Rebecca.	He currently lives in Ridgefield, Connecticut, with her wife Cynthia. He has four children: Lindsay, Heather, Jason, and Rebecca.
12294	In Paris in October 1560, he secretly met the English ambassador, Nicolas Throckmorton, asking him for a passport to return to Scotland through England.	In October 1560 he secretly met the English ambassador Nicolas Throckmorton in Paris and asked him for a passport to return to Scotland through England.	In Paris in October 1560, she secretly met the English ambassador, Nicolas Throckmorton, asking him for a passport to return to Scotland through England.
12310	In 1891 he became Professor of General and Analytical Chemistry and Professor of Inorganic Chemistry in 1903.	In 1891 he became Professor of General and Analytical Chemistry and in 1903 Professor of Inorganic Chemistry.	In 1891 she became Professor of General and Analytical chemistry and Professor of Inorganic chemistry in 1903.
12314	After his death, the Marxist element of communism would be intensified in some atheist movements.	After his death, the Marxist element of communism would be strengthened in some atheistic movements.	After her death, the Marxist element of communism would be intensified in some atheist movements.
12343	He soon found his place among the stalwarts as Ritter, Hoksary, Steiner, Wetzer, Semler and Vogl.	Soon he found his place among the Stalwarten as Knight, Hoksary, Steiner, Wetzer, Semler and Vogl.	He soon found her place among the stalwarts as Ritter, Hoksary, Steiner, Wetzer, Semler and Vogl.
12353	Chuck Aber finally faces his fears, with the aid of Daniel and Lady Aberlin.	Chuck But finally confronts his fears with the help of Daniel and Lady Aberlin.	Chuck Aber finally faces her fears, with the aid of Daniel and Lady Aberlin.
12360	After 2015 season Seoul FC Martyrs joined the league, but three new teams Buyeo FC, Siheung Citizen and Yangpyeong FC left them.	After the 2015 season, Seoul FC Martyrs joined the league, but three new teams left Buyeo FC, Siheung Citizen and Yangpyeong FC.	After 2015 season Seoul FC Martyrs joined the league, but three new teams Buyeo FC, Siheung Citizen and Yangpyeong FC left us.
12362	O'Dea was born in Sydney in 1889 and moved to Armidale with his family as a child.	O'Dea was born in Sydney in 1889 and moved with his family as a child to Armidale.	O'Dea was born in Sydney in 1889 and moved to Armidale with her family as a child.
12406	In the second season, Susan Glaspell and his play Bound East for Cardiff as well as Trifles were introduced by Eugene O’ apos;' Neill.	During the second season, Susan Glaspell and his play Bound East were presented for Cardiff and Trifles by Eugene O-Apos;' Neill.	In the second season, Susan Glaspell and her play Bound East for Cardiff as well as Trifles were introduced by Eugene O’ apos;' Neill.
12408	George Jones picked up the song as Somebody Always Paints the Wall on his album You Oughta Be Here with Me from 1990.	George Jones recorded the song as Somebody Always Paints the Wall on his 1990 album You Oughta Be Here with Me.	George Jones picked up the song as Somebody Always Paints the Wall on her album You Oughta Be Here with Me from 1990.
12410	Daka sends his electronic followers together with a zombie that he controls via an American brain implant by microphone to steal the precious metal.	Daka sends his electronic followers along with a zombie he controls via an American brain implant by microphone to steal the precious metal.	Daka sends her electronic followers together with a zombie that he controls via an American brain implant by microphone to steal the precious metal.
12443	He was also trained at the Academy of Art in Zurich, where he and others learned musically to use the computer for composing music.	He was also trained at the Kunstakademie in Zurich, where he and others learned musically to use the computer to compose music.	He was also trained at the Academy of Art in Zurich, where she and others learned musically to use the computer for composing music.
12455	The Phelps moved from Missouri to Far West, Jackson County, Missouri to Nauvoo, Illinois, where Murdock was again united with his father.	The Phelps moved from Missouri to Far West, Jackson County, Missouri to Nauvoo, Illinois, where Murdock was reunited with his father.	The Phelps moved from Missouri to Far West, Jackson County, Missouri to Nauvoo, Illinois, where Murdock was again united with her father.
12459	He moved from Bengaluru to Chennai in 1996 to begin his own business.	In 1996, he moved from Bengaluru to Chennai to start his own business.	He moved from Bengaluru to Chennai in 1996 to begin her own business.
12489	In the action they suffered five wounded men, the British had no loss.	In the action they suffered five wounded, the British had no loss.	In the action we suffered five wounded men, the British had no loss.
12490	Suppose we have a macroscopic system whose isolated state is specified by a number of variables.	Let's assume we have a macroscopic system whose isolated state is specified by a number of variables.	Suppose they have a macroscopic system whose isolated state is specified by a number of variables.
12510	He left Tunis towards Egypt, where he met in Cairo Mahmud al-Kurdi of the Khalwati Order.	He left Tunis for Egypt, where he met Mahmoud al-Kurdi of the Khalwati Order in Cairo.	He left Tunis towards Egypt, where she met in Cairo Mahmud al-Kurdi of the Khalwati Order.
12523	To use the parameter λ that maximizes the probability function for the Poisson population, we can find the logarithm of the likelihood function.	To use the parameter λ that maximizes the probability function for the Poisson population, we can find the logarithm of the probability function.	To use the parameter λ that maximizes the probability function for the Poisson population, they can find the logarithm of the likelihood function.
12524	Rayburn recalled that he and Earl toured the state together with Fowler in 1956.	Rayburn remembered that he and Earl toured the state together with Fowler in 1956.	Rayburn recalled that she and Earl toured the state together with Fowler in 1956.
12539	Also, he does not like the world of court and always says it. He is a lead, and criticizes two of Shakespeare's most common monologues.	Nor does he like and always says the world of judgment. He is a trace and criticizes two of Shakespeare's most frequent monologues.	Also, she does not like the world of court and always says it. He is a lead, and criticizes two of Shakespeare's most common monologues.
12542	Flash then recruited his friend Cowboy, Nathaniel Glover and The Kidd Creole (Melle Mel).	Flash recruited his friend Cowboy, Nathaniel Glover and The Kidd Creole (Melle Mel).	Flash then recruited her friend Cowboy, Nathaniel Glover and The Kidd Creole (Melle Mel).
12556	Guido died in 1955, and the company was led by his son Bruno Caloi until 1999.	Guido died in 1955 and the company was run by his son Bruno Caloi until 1999.	Guido died in 1955, and the company was led by her son Bruno Caloi until 1999.
12565	In 1697 he was re-elected as a Whig Member of Parliament for Eye and sat until 1713, when he was returned to Lymington.	In 1697, he was re-elected Whig as a Member of Parliament for Eye and served until 1713 when he returned to Lymington.	In 1697 she was re-elected as a Whig Member of Parliament for Eye and sat until 1713, when she was returned to Lymington.
12585	Kane was a master of mystical power, and was physically a match for both the Undertaker and Augustus in his Embalmer guise.	Kane was a master of mystical power and was physically a game for the Undertaker and Augustus in his Embalmer robe.	Kane was a master of mystical power, and was physically a match for both the Undertaker and Augustus in her Embalmer guise.
12623	He plays poker online at PokerStars under the username p10ker and at Fulltilt Poker as MyimaTsarong and at PartyPoker with his own name.	He plays online poker at PokerStars under the user name p10ker and at Fulltilt Poker as MyimaTsarong and at PartyPoker with his own name.	He plays poker online at PokerStars under the username p10ker and at Fulltilt Poker as MyimaTsarong and at PartyPoker with her own name.
12634	He plays online poker at PokerStars under the username p10ker and at PartyPoker as MyimaTsarong and at Fulltilt Poker using his own name.	He plays online poker at PokerStars under the user name p10ker and at PartyPoker as MyimaTsarong and at Fulltilt Poker under his own name.	He plays online poker at PokerStars under the username p10ker and at PartyPoker as MyimaTsarong and at Fulltilt Poker using her own name.
12639	He currently lives in Odda with his partner Randi and has three children, Stian, Ida and Vetle, from a previous relationship.	He currently lives in Odda with his partner Randi and has three children, Stian, Ida and Vetle, from an earlier relationship.	He currently lives in Odda with her partner Randi and has three children, Stian, Ida and Vetle, from a previous relationship.
12648	His son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora and became under Ii Naomasa a dreaded general, who is considered one of his four guards.	His son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora and became a feared general under Ii Naomasa, who is considered one of his four guards.	His son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora and became under Ii Naomasa a dreaded general, who is considered one of her four guards.
12652	Trucks left by the British troops in Vietnam were taken over by the French, who used them in Indochina and later transferred to South Vietnam.	The trucks left by the British troops in Vietnam were taken over by the French, who used them in Indochina and later moved to South Vietnam.	Trucks left by the British troops in Vietnam were taken over by the French, who used us in Indochina and later transferred to South Vietnam.
12666	After arriving in California, he abandoned her and moved to Portland, Oregon.	After arriving in California, he left her and moved to Portland, Oregon.	After arriving in California, she abandoned her and moved to Portland, Oregon.
12680	Finally the Dirk and his son Sean leave the wilderness and discover that a war is brewing between the British and the Bureau.	Finally Dirk and his son Sean leave the wilderness and discover that a war is brewing between the British and the Bureau.	Finally the Dirk and her son Sean leave the wilderness and discover that a war is brewing between the British and the Bureau.
12698	His son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora, and became a feared general under Ii Naomasa, who is considered one of his Four Guardians.	His son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora and became a feared general under Ii Naomasa, who is considered one of his four guards.	His son Tokugawa Ieyasu was adopted by Naotora, and became a feared general under Ii Naomasa, who is considered one of her Four Guardians.
12701	Since then, they have been manufactured by the successor company Keimfarben in Augsburg near Diedorf.	Since then, they have been produced by the successor company Keimfarben in Augsburg near Diedorf.	Since then, we have been manufactured by the successor company Keimfarben in Augsburg near Diedorf.
12704	In 2017, Cetera Co-headliner for the Night of the Proms in Germany and Luxembourg was his first time in Germany for 35 years.	In 2017, Cetera Co-Headliner was his first time in Germany for the night of the Proms in Germany and Luxembourg in 35 years.	In 2017, Cetera Co-headliner for the Night of the Proms in Germany and Luxembourg was her first time in Germany for 35 years.
12713	His birth certificate bears his name as Erminio Antonio Blotta Mainieri, but his Argentine identity documents instead have Carmen Erminio Blotta.	His birth certificate bears his name as Erminio Antonio Blotta Mainieri, but his Argentine identity documents have Carmen Erminio Blotta instead.	His birth certificate bears her name as Erminio Antonio Blotta Mainieri, but her Argentine identity documents instead have Carmen Erminio Blotta.
12725	His troops were, however, sufficient to prevent a Serbian invasion, and he led the Serbian delegation that negotiated with the Bulgarian king, Stefan Decanski.	However, his troops were sufficient to prevent a Serbian invasion, and he led the Serbian delegation, which negotiated with Bulgarian King Stefan Decanski.	His troops were, however, sufficient to prevent a Serbian invasion, and she led the Serbian delegation that negotiated with the Bulgarian king, Stefan Decanski.
12736	Mode 9 was born in London on June 14, 1975 as the third child of his parents but maintains, (Osun State)) as his origin.	Fashion 9 was born in London on June 14, 1975 as the third child of his parents, but claimed (Osun State) as his origin.	Mode 9 was born in London on June 14, 1975 as the third child of her parents but maintains, (Osun State)) as her origin.
12764	In 1841, Henry Giles returned to England, leaving Francis Davenport to regulate his affairs.	In 1841 Henry Giles returned to England and left Francis Davenport to settle his affairs.	In 1841, Henry Giles returned to England, leaving Francis Davenport to regulate her affairs.
12783	So, if we know the probability distribution functions formula_35, we can calculate the function formula_36, and from it, find the optimal reservation price.	Thus, if we know the probability distribution functions formula_35, we can calculate the function formula_36 and find the optimal reservation price from it.	So, if they know the probability distribution functions formula_35, they can calculate the function formula_36, and from it, find the optimal reservation price.
12786	He started his career as a photojournalist, but soon also distinguished himself as an industrial and advertising photographer and audiovisual producer.	He began his career as a photojournalist, but soon also distinguished himself as an industrial and advertising photographer and audiovisual producer.	He started her career as a photojournalist, but soon also distinguished himself as an industrial and advertising photographer and audiovisual producer.
12792	He moved of health reasons to Southern California in 1871 where he first settled in Santa Barbara.	In 1871 he moved to Southern California for health reasons, where he first settled in Santa Barbara.	He moved of health reasons to Southern California in 1871 where she first settled in Santa Barbara.
12797	After his dismissal, he moved from Germany to Los Angeles, then to San Francisco and then to New Mexico.	After his release he moved from Germany to Los Angeles, then to San Francisco and then to New Mexico.	After her dismissal, he moved from Germany to Los Angeles, then to San Francisco and then to New Mexico.
12812	In 1790, he became general attorney of the commune, then deputy secretary of the department of Finistère.	In 1790 he became Attorney General of the municipality, later Deputy Secretary of the Department of Finistère.	In 1790, she became general attorney of the commune, then deputy secretary of the department of Finistère.
12824	At BHCC, Phillips Brooks preached his first sermon and his Christmas Carol O Little Town of Bethlehem had its last performance.	In the BHCC Phillips Brooks preached his first sermon and his Christmas Carol O Little Town of Bethlehem had his last appearance.	At BHCC, Phillips Brooks preached her first sermon and her Christmas Carol O Little Town of Bethlehem had its last performance.
12827	On Victory Road, they introduced their new manager, the Voodoo Queen, Roxxi Laveaux, to embarrass Christy Hemme.	On Victory Road, they introduced their new manager, Voodoo Queen, Roxxi Laveaux, to embarrass Christy Hemme.	On Victory Road, we introduced their new manager, the Voodoo Queen, Roxxi Laveaux, to embarrass Christy Hemme.
12870	In return, Grimoald gave him his daughter to marriage and granted him the duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto.	In return, Grimoald gave him his daughter to marry and granted him the Duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto.	In return, Grimoald gave her his daughter to marriage and granted her the duchy of Spoleto after the death of Atto.
12874	She was in Cairo in November 2012, and in October she was in Tokyo to write at the film festivals, interact with programmers and visit studios.	She was in Cairo in November 2012 and in October she was in Tokyo to write at the film festivals, interact with programmers and visit studios.	She was in Cairo in November 2012, and in October he was in Tokyo to write at the film festivals, interact with programmers and visit studios.
12885	He sent his brother, Tissaphernes the younger, to relieve Cyrus of his command of Lydia.	He sent his brother Tissaphernes, the younger, to free Cyrus from his command of Lydia.	He sent her brother, Tissaphernes the younger, to relieve Cyrus of her command of Lydia.
12888	For decades there was rivalry between Edward Partington, his friend Herbert Rhodes, and the Woods and Sidebottoms.	For decades there were rivalries between Edward Partington, his friend Herbert Rhodes and the Woods and Sidebottoms.	For decades there was rivalry between Edward Partington, her friend Herbert Rhodes, and the Woods and Sidebottoms.
12896	He again toured with the 1911-12 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain where he made his final Test appearance in the first Test against England.	He toured again with the Kangaroo Tour 1911-12 through Great Britain, where he made his last test appearance in the first test against England.	He again toured with the 1911-12 Kangaroo tour of Great Britain where she made his final Test appearance in the first Test against England.
12905	After Cyprus, his ancient cult sanctuary of Aphrodite was the second most important in Paphos, her homeland.	After Cyprus, his ancient cult shrine Aphrodite was the second most important in Paphos, their home.	After Cyprus, her ancient cult sanctuary of Aphrodite was the second most important in Paphos, her homeland.
12913	Another two goals helped Blyth eliminate North Ferriby United from the FA Trophy, and he scored again against Moor Green in the next round.	After two goals Blyth North Ferriby United was eliminated from the FA trophy and scored again in the next round against Moor Green.	Another two goals helped Blyth eliminate North Ferriby United from the FA Trophy, and she scored again against Moor Green in the next round.
12919	From 1871 to 1876 he served as federal collector of internal revenue for the district that included Hamilton.	From 1871 to 1876, he served as a federal collector of internal revenue for the district that included Hamilton.	From 1871 to 1876 she served as federal collector of internal revenue for the district that included Hamilton.
12921	In 2009, Hopsin founded his own independent record label, Funk Volume, with Damien Ritter.	In 2009, Hopsin founded his own independent record label Funk Volume together with Damien Ritter.	In 2009, Hopsin founded her own independent record label, Funk Volume, with Damien Ritter.
12943	He and his family moved from Wyoming to Colorado to Oregon until he was about 5 years old, when they settled in Silver Spring, Maryland.	He and his family moved from Wyoming to Colorado, Oregon, until he was about 5 years old when they settled in Silver Spring, Maryland.	He and her family moved from Wyoming to Colorado to Oregon until he was about 5 years old, when they settled in Silver Spring, Maryland.
12960	Harald Edelstam distinguished himself as a diplomat by his professional competence, his bravery and his bourgeois courage in the fight for human rights.	Harald Edelstam distinguished himself as a diplomat by his professional competence, his bravery and his bourgeois courage in the struggle for human rights.	Harald Edelstam distinguished himself as a diplomat by her professional competence, her bravery and her bourgeois courage in the fight for human rights.
13007	In 1972, Tarkowski film historian Leonid Kozlov told his ten favorite films.	In 1972, the Tarkowski film historian Leonid Kozlov told his ten favorite films.	In 1972, Tarkowski film hertorian Leonid Kozlov told her ten favorite films.
13019	Arthur decides not to tell Dick of his purchase.	Arthur decides not to tell Dick about his purchase.	Arthur decides not to tell Dick of her purchase.
13020	Until 6 February 2006, when Stephen Harper was sworn in as Prime Minister, he was Minister of Labour in Paul Martin's minority government.	He served as Minister of Labour in Paul Martin's minority government on February 25, 2006, when Stephen Harper was sworn in as Prime Minister.	Until 6 February 2006, when Stephen Harper was sworn in as Prime Minister, she was Minister of Labour in Paul Martin's minority government.
13021	In the summer of 2007 she performed with the Shavnabada Ensemble at the Folk Festival of Turkey in Inegol.	In the summer of 2007 she performed with the Shavnabada Ensemble at the Turkey Folk Festival in Inegol.	In the summer of 2007 he performed with the Shavnabada Ensemble at the Folk Festival of Turkey in Inegol.
13033	When Yue Yi conquered the Qi state in the past, he attacked more than 70 cities in Qi, except Ju and Jimo for Tian Dan.	When Yue Yi conquered Qi state in the past, he attacked more than 70 cities in Qi, except Ju and Jimo for Tian Dan.	when Yue Yi conquered the Qi state in the past, she attacked more than 70 cities in Qi, except Ju and Jimo for Tian Dan.
13036	Trevor Hunter was not the principal in 2011 as he was Principal at Belmont City College and was replaced in 2012 by Geraldine Hardy.	Trevor Hunter was not the director in 2011 when he was director at Belmont City College and was replaced in 2012 by Geraldine Hardy.	Trevor Hunter was not the principal in 2011 as she was Principal at Belmont City College and was replaced in 2012 by Geraldine Hardy.
13044	After spending six months in Buenos Aires, Don Stefano and Rissi Royall returned to Christiania in 2010, where he joined the writing team Future Animals -- Forchhammer.	After six months in Buenos Aires, Don Stefano and Rissi Royall returned to Christiania in 2010, where he joined the writing team Future Animals - Forchhammer.	After spending six months in Buenos Aires, Don Stefano and Rissi Royall returned to Christiania in 2010, where she joined the writing team Future Animals -- Forchhammer.
13054	Linden asks to interrogate Skinner, but Mills (Elias Koteas) says he'll talk only with Danette.	Linden asks Skinner to interrogate, but Mills (Elias Koteas) says he will only talk to Danette.	Linden asks to interrogate Skinner, but Mills (Elias Koteas) says she'll talk only with Danette.
13063	He decides, then at home does he looks bad.	He decides, then he looks bad at home.	He decides, then at home does she looks bad.
13068	He devoted the work to his friend, the violinist Fritz Kreisler, and wrote to another friend, the composer Nikolai Medtner, on December 21, 1931:	He dedicated the work to his friend, the violinist Fritz Kreisler, and wrote on 21 December 1931 to another friend, the composer Nikolai Medtner:	He devoted the work to her friend, the violinist Fritz Kreisler, and wrote to another friend, the composer Nikolai Medtner, on December 21, 1931:
13080	He started his career as a photojournalist, but soon distinguished himself also as an industrial and advertising photographer and visual-audio producer.	He began his career as a photojournalist, but soon also distinguished himself as an industrial and advertising photographer and visual audio producer.	He started her career as a photojournalist, but soon distinguished himself also as an industrial and advertising photographer and visual-audio producer.
13089	The friendship between him and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951, when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and Greaves reported that Duncan said	The friendship between him and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951 when they disagreed at an annual meeting and Greaves reported that Duncan said:	The friendship between her and Duncan ended at a club meeting in 1951, when the two disagreed at an annual meeting and Greaves reported that Duncan said
13096	Mead was born in Jonesboro in Poinsett County in northeastern Arkansas but lived most of his life in the nearby larger city of Trumann in Craighead County.	Mead was born in Jonesboro, Poinsett County, Northeastern Arkansas, but lived most of his life in the nearby larger city of Trumann, Craighead County.	Mead was born in Jonesboro in Poinsett County in northeastern Arkansas but lived most of her life in the nearby larger city of Trumann in Craighead County.
13099	The circular mirrors are effective in lighting fires, while the parabolic mirrors are not, although they may have been used to generate smoke.	The circular mirrors are effective in lighting fires while the parabolic mirrors are not, although they may have been used to produce smoke.	The circular mirrors are effective in lighting fires, while the parabolic mirrors are not, although we may have been used to generate smoke.
13119	Nick Jackson suffered a rib injury during his first game at the Toronto event and was drawn from his second match as well as from the New York City event.	Nick Jackson suffered a rib injury during his first game at the Toronto event and was drawn from his second game as well as from the New York City event.	Nick Jackson suffered a rib injury during her first game at the Toronto event and was drawn from her second match as well as from the New York City event.
13146	In 1813 he won the first Prix de Rome for painting and in 1814 the second Prix de Rome for his paintings of the death of the Diagora.	In 1813 he won the first Prix de Rome for painting and in 1814 the second Prix de Rome for his paintings on the death of the Diagora.	In 1813 she won the first Prix de Rome for painting and in 1814 the second Prix de Rome for his paintings of the death of the Diagora.
13163	As Steiner, Hoksary, Semler, Wetzer, Ritter and Vogl he soon found his place among the regular guests.	As Steiner, Hoksary, Semler, Wetzer, Ritter and Vogl he soon found his place among the regulars.	As Steiner, Hoksary, Semler, Wetzer, Ritter and Vogl she soon found his place among the regular guests.
13168	In October 1560, he secretly met with the English ambassador, Nicolas Throckmorton, in Paris, and asked him for a passport to return through England to Scotland.	In October 1560, he secretly met with the English ambassador Nicolas Throckmorton in Paris and asked him for a passport to return to Scotland through England.	In October 1560, she secretly met with the English ambassador, Nicolas Throckmorton, in Paris, and asked him for a passport to return through England to Scotland.
13196	Wolfbot also had the ability to bind webbing to shoot his victims.	Wolfbot also had the ability to bind Webbing to shoot his victims.	Wolfbot also had the ability to bind webbing to shoot her victims.
13214	Herbert Hepburn Calvert was born on December 30, 1870 in London and was the first son of the journalist Thomas Calvert and his wife Grace (near Hepburn).	Herbert Hepburn Calvert was born in London on 30 December 1870 and was the first son of journalist Thomas Calvert and his wife Grace (near Hepburn).	Herbert Hepburn Calvert was born on December 30, 1870 in London and was the first son of the journalist Thomas Calvert and her wife Grace (near Hepburn).
13265	Allan Stewart (1865 -- 1951) was a Scottish painter who built his reputation on romantic, historical and especially military paintings as well as landscapes and portraits.	Allan Stewart (1865 - 1951) was a Scottish painter who built his reputation on romantic, historical and, above all, military paintings as well as landscapes and portraits.	Allan Stewart (1865 -- 1951) was a Scottish painter who built her reputation on romantic, hertorical and especially military paintings as well as landscapes and portraits.
13268	In 1830, Congress passed the Indian Removal Act, which removed Indian tribes and relocated them to American Indian Territory.	In 1830, Congress passed the Indian Removal Act, which removed Indian tribes and transferred them to the American Indian Territory.	In 1830, Congress passed the Indian Removal Act, which removed Indian tribes and relocated us to American Indian Territory.
13280	The childhood of Berkeley was spent in Coventry, where he was a student of the translator Philemon Holland of Warwickshire and Henry Ashwood.	He spent the childhood of Berkeley in Coventry, where he was a student of the translator Philemon Holland of Warwickshire and Henry Ashwood.	the childhood of Berkeley was spent in Coventry, where she was a student of the translator Philemon Holland of Warwickshire and Henry Ashwood.
13310	Nasrallah joined Hezbollah after the 1982 Israeli invasion of Lebanon. In 1989, Hassan Nasrallah traveled to Qom, Iran, where he furthered his religious studies.	Nasrallah joined Hezbollah after the Israeli invasion of Lebanon in 1982. In 1989, Hassan Nasrallah travelled to Qom, Iran, where he promoted his religious studies.	Nasrallah joined Hezbollah after the 1982 Israeli invasion of Lebanon. In 1989, Hassan Nasrallah traveled to Qom, Iran, where she furthered his religious studies.
13316	It was directed by Randall Einhorn, his twelfth episode of the season and fourth in the series.	It was written by Randall Unicorn, his twelfth episode of the season and fourth in the series.	It was directed by Randall Einhorn, her twelfth episode of the season and fourth in the series.
13317	Sekou Sundiata was born as Robert Franklin Feaster in Harlem, New York, but changed his name in the late 1960's to honor his African heritage.	Sekou Sundiata was born as Robert Franklin Feaster in Harlem, New York, but changed his name in the late 1960s to honor his African heritage.	Sekou Sundiata was born as Robert Franklin Feaster in Harlem, New York, but changed her name in the late 1960's to honor her African heritage.
13328	After writing for Ace Publications, Rudy Ner Siongco moved to Pablo's Gold Star Publications, where he also wrote several comik stories and serialized novels in 1962.	After writing for Ace Publications, Rudy Ner Siongco moved to Pablo's Gold Star Publications, where he also wrote several comic stories and serializations in 1962.	After writing for Ace Publications, Rudy Ner Siongco moved to Pablo's Gold Star Publications, where she also wrote several comik stories and serialized novels in 1962.
13353	He uses three keyboards, which he plays with a stick attached to the neck of his guitar.	He uses three keyboards that he plays with a stick attached to his guitar's neck.	He uses three keyboards, which she plays with a stick attached to the neck of his guitar.
13396	After a two-year stint in New York City, Doss commenced his professional career in January 1986 as a member of the Metropolitan Opera in Chicago.	After spending two years in New York City, Doss began his professional career in January 1986 as a member of the Metropolitan Opera in Chicago.	After a two-year stint in New York City, Doss commenced her professional career in January 1986 as a member of the Metropolitan Opera in Chicago.
13403	Bowman grew up in Quincy, Massachusetts, and started his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for The Patriot Ledger in Boston.	Bowman grew up in Quincy, Massachusetts, and began his newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for The Patriot Ledger in Boston.	Bowman grew up in Quincy, Massachusetts, and started her newspaper career in 1976 as a stringer for The Patriot Ledger in Boston.
13404	This allowed Capcom to translate Lee's basic expressions and use them to Wayne in the game.	This enabled Capcom to translate Lee's basic expressions and use them to Wayne in the game.	This allowed Capcom to translate Lee's basic expressions and use us to Wayne in the game.
13406	Then, in 1986, he entered the star and left The Muslim.	In 1986 he entered the star and left the Muslim.	then, in 1986, she entered the star and left the Muslim.
13408	Herbert Hepburn Calvert was born on 30 December 1870 in London. He was the first son of journalist Thomas Calvert and his wife Grace (née Hepburn).	Herbert Hepburn Calvert was born on 30 December 1870 in London. He was the first son of journalist Thomas Calvert and his wife Grace (born Hepburn).	Herbert Hepburn Calvert was born on 30 December 1870 in London. He was the first son of journalist Thomas Calvert and her wife Grace (née Hepburn).
13415	Cankar was also famous for his papers, most of which were published between 1907 and 1913, where he showed great championship and stylistic irony.	Cankar was also famous for his papers, most of which were published between 1907 and 1913, where he showed great mastery and stylistic irony.	Cankar was also famous for her papers, most of which were published between 1907 and 1913, where he showed great championship and stylistic irony.
13418	The Hyslop Farm was named after George Hyslop, who was hired by the founder of the Agronomy Department, Henry Scudder, when he opened the 1907 department.	The Hyslop Farm was named after George Hyslop, who was hired by the founder of the agronomy department, Henry Scudder, when he opened the division in 1907.	the Hyslop Farm was named after George Hyslop, who was hired by the founder of the Agronomy Department, Henry Scudder, when she opened the 1907 department.
13424	Finally, we say that a distribution is concave if formula_11 is regular.	Finally, we say that a distribution is concave when formula_11 is normal.	Finally, they say that a distribution is concave if formula_11 is regular.
13432	Kugler called his first Final Four replacing Harlan, with Raftery and Thompson on color commentary and Jim Gray as sideline reporter.	Kugler named his first Final Four replacing Harlan, with Raftry and Thompson on color comment and Jim Gray as sideline reporter.	Kugler called her first Final Four replacing Harlan, with Raftery and Thompson on color commentary and Jim Gray as sideline reporter.
13441	Rich was initially unimpressed, but Owens liked it, and they recorded it with the Buckaroos on February 12, 1963.	Rich was unimpressed at first, but Owens liked it, and they recorded it with the Buckaroos on February 12, 1963.	Rich was initially unimpressed, but Owens liked it, and we recorded it with the Buckaroos on February 12, 1963.
13451	Harald Edelstam distinguished himself as a diplomat by his professional competence, his bravery and his bourgeois courage in the fight for human rights.	Harald Edelstam distinguished himself as a diplomat by his professional competence, his bravery and his bourgeois courage in the struggle for human rights.	Harald Edelstam distinguished himself as a diplomat by her professional competence, her bravery and her bourgeois courage in the fight for human rights.
13495	Phil Philpott played Norman Nesbitt, a geeky man who believes he has been contacted by UFOs.	Phil Phil Philpott played Norman Nesbitt, a geeky man who believes he was contacted by UFOs.	Phil Philpott played Norman Nesbitt, a geeky man who believes she has been contacted by UFOs.
13497	Beth writes to an author of several lesbian books she has read, Nina Spicer, in New York City, who writes her back.	Beth writes to an author of several lesbian books she has read, Nina Spicer, in New York City, who she writes back.	Beth writes to an author of several lesbian books he has read, Nina Spicer, in New York City, who writes her back.
13510	In 2009, Damien Ritter founded his own Funk Volume record label with Hopsin.	In 2009 Damien Ritter founded his own label Funk Volume with Hopsin.	In 2009, Damien Ritter founded her own Funk Volume record label with Hopsin.
13516	He started his career in Paris for a year until he returned to Switzerland from 1971 to 1979 to work in gravure.	He began his career in Paris for a year until he returned to Switzerland from 1971 to 1979 to work in Gravure.	He started her career in Paris for a year until he returned to Switzerland from 1971 to 1979 to work in gravure.
13528	In 1976, Peraza Miss was Venezuela, but she married on May 24, 1976, because she resigned two days after her crowning.	In 1976 Peraza was Miss Venezuela, but she married on May 24, 1976, because she resigned two days after her coronation.	In 1976, Peraza Miss was Venezuela, but he married on May 24, 1976, because he resigned two days after her crowning.
13537	In this way, it was possible to record literally dozens of separate tracks and combine them into finished recordings of great complexity.	In this way, it was possible to record literally dozens of separate tracks and to combine finished recordings of great complexity.	In this way, it was possible to record literally dozens of separate tracks and combine us into finished recordings of great complexity.
13554	Mode 9 was born on June 14, 1975 as the third child of his parents in the state of Osun, but claims (London) as his origin.	Fashion 9 was born on 14 June 1975 as the third child of his parents in the state of Osun, but claims (London) as his origin.	Mode 9 was born on June 14, 1975 as the third child of her parents in the state of Osun, but claims (London) as her origin.
13582	They meet up with Quinito Castañeda (Danny) and his friend, Joross Gamboa (Rafael Rosell) who take them to a beach resort in Cavite.	They meet Quinito Castañeda (Danny) and his friend Joross Gamboa (Rafael Rosell), who take them to a seaside resort in Cavite.	They meet up with Quinito Castañeda (Danny) and her friend, Joross Gamboa (Rafael Rosell) who take them to a beach resort in Cavite.
13586	In 2011, Trevor Hunter was not the director as he was director at Belmont City College and was replaced by Geraldine Hardy in 2012.	In 2011, Trevor Hunter was not the director because he was director at Belmont City College and was replaced by Geraldine Hardy in 2012.	In 2011, Trevor Hunter was not the director as she was director at Belmont City College and was replaced by Geraldine Hardy in 2012.
13612	On 22 September 1904 he joined Bishop Charles and returned to Béni Abbès on 24 January 1905.	On September 24, 1904, he joined Bishop Charles and returned to the United States.	On 22 September 1904 she joined Bishop Charles and returned to Béni Abbès on 24 January 1905.
13630	Charles Sutcliffe, the Beatles’ biographer, wrote that Philip Norman was a strong drinker and physically cruel to his wife, which the young Sutcliffe had experienced.	Charles Sutcliffe, the Beatles biographer, wrote that Philip Norman was a strong drinker and physically cruel to his wife, whom young Sutcliffe had experienced.	Charles Sutcliffe, the Beatles’ biographer, wrote that Philip Norman was a strong drinker and physically cruel to her wife, which the young Sutcliffe had experienced.
13687	In a universal legend Vikramaditya has 32 marks on his body, a characteristic of medieval Tamil emperors.	In a universal legend Vikramaditya has 32 markings on his body, a feature of the medieval Tamil emperor.	In a universal legend Vikramaditya has 32 marks on her body, a characteristic of medieval Tamil emperors.
13690	Bub, thinks that with Jane out of the picture, Billy will be on the market and he breaks his engagement with Flora.	Bub, thinks that with Jane out of the picture, Billy will be on the market, and he breaks his engagement with Flora.	Bub, thinks that with Jane out of the picture, Billy will be on the market and she breaks his engagement with Flora.
13694	In 1963, he met Felix Cavaliere (a singer on the local R & amp; B circuit) and Eddie Brigati (a classically trained pianist).	In 1963 he met Felix Cavaliere (a singer on the local R & amp; B Circuit) and Eddie Brigati (a classically trained pianist).	In 1963, she met Felix Cavaliere (a singer on the local R & amp; B circuit) and Eddie Brigati (a classically trained pianist).
13701	In Autumn 2014, Tom supported Stephen Merchant on his European Tour.	In the fall of 2014, Tom Stephen Merchant supported on his European tour.	In Autumn 2014, Tom supported Stephen Merchant on her European Tour.
13712	He discussed grammatical questions by correspondence, translated the rhetorical manual of his teacher Apollodorus of Pergamon, and began a treatise on medicinal plants, dedicated to Augustus.	He discussed grammatical questions by correspondence, translated the rhetorical manual of his teacher Apollodorus of Pergamon, and began a treatise on medicinal plants dedicated to Augustus.	He discussed grammatical questions by correspondence, translated the rhetorical manual of her teacher Apollodorus of Pergamon, and began a treatise on medicinal plants, dedicated to Augustus.
13719	In 1873, Constantine married Henrietta Anne Armstrong. One of his sons, Charles Francis Constantine, became the XI Commandant at RMC, Kingston.	In 1873, Constantine married Henrietta Anne Armstrong. One of his sons, Charles Francis Constantine, became the XI commander in RMC, Kingston.	In 1873, Constantine married Henrietta Anne Armstrong. One of her sons, Charles Francis Constantine, became the XI Commandant at RMC, Kingston.
13722	He grew up in Nashville, Tennessee, before his family settled at Bonnyville, Alberta.	He grew up in Nashville, Tennessee, before his family settled in Bonnyville, Alberta.	He grew up in Nashville, Tennessee, before her family settled at Bonnyville, Alberta.
13737	The Crump family had a home in Bristol while Phil was racing in the British League, which he started doing in 1971 with the Crewe Kings.	The Crump family had a home in Bristol, while Phil drove in the British League, which he started with the Crewe Kings in 1971.	the Crump family had a home in Bristol while Phil was racing in the British League, which she started doing in 1971 with the Crewe Kings.
13750	(Whenever they passed the group stage, they won the group)	(Whenever they passed the group phase, they won the group)	(Whenever we passed the group stage, we won the group)
13761	During this time he had a new gimmick, rockabilly, and took a short-living feud with The Real Double J Jesse James.	During this time he had a new gimmick, Rockabilly, and took a short-lived feud with The Real Double J Jesse James.	During this time she had a new gimmick, rockabilly, and took a short-living feud with the Real Double J Jesse James.
13772	Hill Hill went and wrote some paragraphs about the idea, then he and Giler wrote a full script.	Hill Hill went and wrote a few paragraphs about the idea, then he and Giler wrote a complete script.	Hill Hill went and wrote some paragraphs about the idea, then she and Giler wrote a full script.
13805	Motes also encounters Enoch Emery, a blind man who seems to be parallel to himself, and they follow the street along the young man.	Motes also meets Enoch Emery, a blind man who seems to be parallel to himself, and they follow the road along the young man.	Motes also encounters Enoch Emery, a blind man who seems to be parallel to himself, and we follow the street along the young man.
13817	It is possible that the courageous, yet terribly weak prisoners have just enough left in them to resist.	It is possible that the courageous but terribly weak prisoners have just enough in them to resist.	It is possible that the courageous, yet terribly weak prisoners have just enough left in us to resist.
13829	He bought Wisbech Castle, which he rebuilt and restored just before the restoration of the monarchy after which it was supplied to the bishop of Ely.	He bought Wisbech Castle, which he rebuilt and restored shortly before the restoration of the monarchy, after which it was delivered to the Bishop of Ely.	He bought Wisbech Castle, which she rebuilt and restored just before the restoration of the monarchy after which it was supplied to the bishop of Ely.
13831	When he can not produce the diamonds, Herschel is shot by Walsh.	If he can't produce the diamonds, Herschel will be shot by Walsh.	when she can not produce the diamonds, Herschel is shot by Walsh.
13839	Shortly before his death, according to Grigory Pasko, Sergei Yuhenkov received threats from a high-ranking FSB-General, Aleksander Mikhailov.	Shortly before his death, according to Grigori Pasko, Sergei Yuhenkov received threats from a senior FSB general, Aleksander Mikhailov.	Shortly before her death, according to Grigory Pasko, Sergei Yuhenkov received threats from a high-ranking FSB-General, Aleksander Mikhailov.
13845	He also asked Krishna Reddy to come from Chennai to Hyderabad to help him in the shop.	He also asked Krishna Reddy to come from Chennai to Hyderabad to help him in the store.	He also asked Krishna Reddy to come from Chennai to Hyderabad to help her in the shop.
13896	In 2007 he continued as a Toyota test driver and also drove for GP2 team Trident Racing.	In 2007, he drove as a Toyota test driver and also for the GP2 team Trident Racing.	In 2007 she continued as a Toyota test driver and also drove for GP2 team Trident Racing.
13912	He became third in 1958 and 1967 at his table, but in 1962 he won the 1st place.	He was third in 1958 and 1967 at his table, but in 1962 he won first place.	He became third in 1958 and 1967 at her table, but in 1962 he won the 1st place.
13916	By his wife, Jean, daughter of Sir Duncan Campbell, Baronet and Jean Stewart, their children were:	From his wife Jean, daughter of Sir Duncan Campbell, Baronet and Jean Stewart, her children were:	By her wife, Jean, daughter of Sir Duncan Campbell, Baronet and Jean Stewart, their children were:
13932	He also illustrated numerous children’ s books and won five times the Levstik Award for his illustrations, 1958, 1962, 1967, 1974 and 1975.	He also illustrated numerous children's books and won the Levstik Award five times for his illustrations 1958, 1962, 1967, 1974 and 1975.	He also illustrated numerous children’ s books and won five times the Levstik Award for her illustrations, 1958, 1962, 1967, 1974 and 1975.
13957	Paul and his brother Frans Wittouck (1855 -- 1914) owned a sugar factory in Wanze.	Paul and his brother Frans Wittouck (1855 - 1914) owned a sugar factory in Wanze.	Paul and her brother Frans Wittouck (1855 -- 1914) owned a sugar factory in Wanze.
13960	He studied at Newton University in Germany, where he was given drawing lessons by August Weidenbach, a landscape painter from Baltimore.	He studied at Newton University in Germany, where he was taught drawing by August Weidenbach, a landscape painter from Baltimore.	He studied at Newton University in Germany, where she was given drawing lessons by August Weidenbach, a landscape painter from Baltimore.
13971	Her earliest dated painting is marked 1863 and she exhibited her works in both London and Norwich between 1867 and 1874.	Her earliest dated painting was marked in 1863 and exhibited her works in London and Norwich between 1867 and 1874.	Her earliest dated painting is marked 1863 and he exhibited her works in both London and Norwich between 1867 and 1874.
13985	Frank was born into a family of actors including his father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette. His grandfather was the Gilbert and Sullivan conductor François Cellier.	Frank was born into a family of actors such as his father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette. His grandfather was Gilbert and Sullivan conductor François Cellier.	Frank was born into a family of actors including her father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette. His grandfather was the Gilbert and Sullivan conductor François Cellier.
13999	Kyle regards Connor as a separate entity and has conversations with him, while Stan and Cartman do not accept this idea at all.	Kyle considers Connor to be a separate entity and has talks with him, while Stan and Cartman do not accept this idea at all.	Kyle regards Connor as a separate entity and has conversations with her, while Stan and Cartman do not accept this idea at all.
14002	When he calls Holly, Adam warns his sister that she can do it much better, but she does not listen and spends the evening with Aaron.	When he calls Holly, Adam warns his sister that she can do much better, but she doesn't listen and spends the evening with Aaron.	when she calls Holly, Adam warns his sister that she can do it much better, but she does not listen and spends the evening with Aaron.
14006	Abraham Naftali Hertz Scheuer was born in 1753, the son of his father Rabbi David Tebele Scheuer in Frankfurt am Main.	Abraham Naftali Hertz Scheuer was born in Frankfurt am Main in 1753 as the son of his father, Rabbi David Tebele Scheuer.	Abraham Naftali Hertz Scheuer was born in 1753, the son of her father Rabbi David Tebele Scheuer in Frankfurt am Main.
14014	In 2012, he was elected Chairman of Zilla Parishad (Pnachayat District) of Kolhapur as a candidate of the Indian National Congress.	In 2012, he was elected chairman of the Zilla Parishad (Pnachayat District) of Kolhapur as a candidate for the Indian National Congress.	In 2012, she was elected Chairman of Zilla Parishad (Pnachayat District) of Kolhapur as a candidate of the Indian National Congress.
14024	On June 14, Jackson served as a second in a duel on behalf of his junior officer Jesse Benton against William Carroll, the brother of Thomas.	On June 14, Jackson served as the second in a duel on behalf of his junior officer Jesse Benton against William Carroll, Thomas' brother.	On June 14, Jackson served as a second in a duel on behalf of her junior officer Jesse Benton against William Carroll, the brother of Thomas.
14027	Congregation: But if we confess our sins, God who is faithful and just will forgive our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.	Congregation: But if we confess our sins, God, who is faithful and righteous, will forgive our sins and cleanse us of all unrighteousness.	Congregation: But if they confess our sins, God who is faithful and just will forgive our sins and cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
14068	Had the Immigration Officer intended on arrival that asylum was known, then he would not have granted entry as a visitor.	If the immigration officer had intended asylum to be known on arrival, he would not have granted access as a visitor.	Had the Immigration Officer intended on arrival that asylum was known, then she would not have granted entry as a visitor.
14095	He was born into a family of actors, including his father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette, his grandfather was the Gilbert and Sullivan-conductor François Cellier.	He was born into a family of actors, including his father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette, and his grandfather was Gilbert and Sullivan director François Cellier.	He was born into a family of actors, including her father Cellier and half-sister Antoinette, her grandfather was the Gilbert and Sullivan-conductor François Cellier.
14098	Abijah Stark came with his family from Coleraine, Providence and settled first just north of Fish House near the Massachusetts town line.	Abijah Stark came with his family from Coleraine, Providence and first left north of Fish House near the Massachusetts city line.	Abijah Stark came with her family from Coleraine, Providence and settled first just north of Fish House near the Massachusetts town line.
14112	He has Indigo dark blue fur and has a blue rain cloud with raindrops and hearts as his belly symbol.	He has indigo dark blue fur and a blue rain cloud with raindrops and hearts as a belly symbol.	He has Indigo dark blue fur and has a blue rain cloud with raindrops and hearts as her belly symbol.
14136	Sinclair T. Chitty, his mother, married at the age of 15 his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr..	Sinclair T. Chitty, his mother, married his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. at the age of 15.	Sinclair T. Chitty, her mother, married at the age of 15 her father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr..
14137	To find the λ parameter that maximizes the probability function for the Poisson population, we can use the log of the probability function:	To find the λ parameter that maximizes the probability function for the Poisson population, we can use the probability function protocol:	To find the λ parameter that maximizes the probability function for the Poisson population, they can use the log of the probability function:
14151	His descendant of many other people, his father fought at war and decided, when it ended, to stay in Paraguay, like the Brazilian soldiers at the time.	His descendant of many other people, his father fought in the war and decided when it ended to stay in Paraguay, like the Brazilian soldiers at that time.	His descendant of many other people, her father fought at war and decided, when it ended, to stay in Paraguay, like the Brazilian soldiers at the time.
14157	At the end of this Dasaratha-Jataka discourse, the Buddhist text declares that Buddha was Rama in his previous rebirth:	At the end of this Dasaratha-Jataka discourse, the Buddhist text explains that Buddha Rama was in his earlier rebirth:	At the end of ther Dasaratha-Jataka discourse, the Buddhert text declares that Buddha was Rama in her previous rebirth:
14158	In December 2007, he said that the local majority would present common lists for the 2008 presidential elections.	In December 2007, he said that the local majority would present joint lists for the 2008 presidential elections.	In December 2007, she said that the local majority would present common lists for the 2008 presidential elections.
14182	He currently lives with his partner Randi in Odda and has three children, Lothe, Ida and Vetle, from a previous relationship.	He currently lives with his partner Randi in Odda and has three children, Lothe, Ida and Vetle, from an earlier relationship.	He currently lives with her partner Randi in Odda and has three children, Lothe, Ida and Vetle, from a previous relationship.
14190	Under the Radar gave him five out of ten stars and called it a very professional, but almost insignificant set... flat and ultimately uninspired.	Under the radar gave him five out of ten stars and called it a very professional, but almost insignificant set... flat and ultimately uninspired.	Under the Radar gave her five out of ten stars and called it a very professional, but almost insignificant set... flat and ultimately uninspired.
14204	All Greek societies at the Pacific University are local, meaning that they are unique on the campus.	All Greek societies at Pacific University are local, which means they are unique on campus.	All Greek societies at the Pacific University are local, meaning that we are unique on the campus.
14215	He considers C. S. Lewis a negative influence and has accused Lewis of featuring emotional propaganda, misogyny, racism, and religious sadism in his books.	He considers C. S. Lewis a negative influence and accuses Lewis of seeing emotional propaganda, misogynia, racism and religious sadism in his books.	He considers C. S. Lewis a negative influence and has accused Lewis of featuring emotional propaganda, misogyny, racism, and religious sadism in her books.
14218	With the help of Karen, he builds the horn and takes the identity of Herald.	With the help of Karen, he builds the horn and adopts Herald's identity.	With the help of Karen, she builds the horn and takes the identity of Herald.
14251	Helmut Groß was the mayor of Tengen from 1973 to 2015, and his successor was Marian Schreier.	Helmut Groß was mayor of Tengen from 1973 to 2015, and his successor was Marian Schreier.	Helmut Groß was the mayor of Tengen from 1973 to 2015, and her successor was Marian Schreier.
14263	He is the nephew of Larry Bowa Johnson and his wife Liz was born on 31 January 2006, Brianna, their first child.	He is the nephew of Larry Bowa Johnson and his wife Liz was born on January 31, 2006, Brianna, her first child.	He is the nephew of Larry Bowa Johnson and her wife Liz was born on 31 January 2006, Brianna, their first child.
14266	He has been instructed by Afrasiab to not let Sohrab kill his father, Rostam, so that they fight together and one of them recognize the other.	He was instructed by Afrasiab not to let Sohrab kill his father Rostam, so that they fight together and one of them recognizes the other.	He has been instructed by Afrasiab to not let Sohrab kill her father, Rostam, so that they fight together and one of them recognize the other.
14299	It is claimed that he died out of grief, that the Frankists left Judaism.	It is claimed that he died of grief, that the Frankists left Judaism.	It is claimed that she died out of grief, that the Frankists left Judaism.
14304	The Liberal Democrats held two seats, but lost Tilehurst, a seat they had lost to the Conservative Party last year.	The Liberal Democrats had two seats, but lost Tilehurst, a seat they had lost to the Conservative Party last year.	The Liberal Democrats held two seats, but lost Tilehurst, a seat we had lost to the Conservative Party last year.
14308	Initially, Owens was unimpressed, but Rich liked it, and they recorded it with the Buckaroos on February 12, 1963.	Owens was unimpressed at first, but Rich liked it, and they recorded it with the Buckaroos on February 12, 1963.	Initially, Owens was unimpressed, but Rich liked it, and we recorded it with the Buckaroos on February 12, 1963.
14323	In 2009, Hopsin founded his own independent record label, Funk Volume, with Damien Ritter.	In 2009, Hopsin founded his own independent record label Funk Volume together with Damien Ritter.	In 2009, Hopsin founded her own independent record label, Funk Volume, with Damien Ritter.
14337	He is the second Neuling Senator to be appointed to the Senate Rules Committee and he was a member of the Senate Finance Committee.	He is the second newcomer senator who was appointed to the Senate Rules Committee and was a member of the Senate Finance Committee.	He is the second Neuling Senator to be appointed to the Senate Rules Committee and she was a member of the Senate Finance Committee.
14338	In the meantime, Nick is confronted with his former crew: Mikka, Vector, Sib and Pup.	Meanwhile, Nick is confronted with his former crew: Mikka, Vector, Sib and Pup.	In the meantime, Nick is confronted with her former crew: Mikka, Vector, Sib and Pup.
14366	William was deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of Perth Amboy and arrested in his home in New Jersey, Proprietary House, and imprisoned for a time.	William was deposed by the revolutionary government of Perth Amboy in 1776 and arrested and detained in his home in New Jersey, Proprietary House for a while.	William was deposed in 1776 by the revolutionary government of Perth Amboy and arrested in her home in New Jersey, Proprietary House, and imprisoned for a time.
14380	In this way, it was possible to combine literally dozens of separate tracks and record them into finished recordings of great complexity.	In this way, it was possible to literally combine dozens of separate tracks and record them in finished recordings of great complexity.	In this way, it was possible to combine literally dozens of separate tracks and record us into finished recordings of great complexity.
14406	He moved to Toowoomba in 1868 after having tried his luck on the gympic gold fields unsuccessfully.	In 1868 he moved to Toowoomba, where he had unsuccessfully tried his luck on the Gympic goldfields.	He moved to Toowoomba in 1868 after having tried her luck on the gympic gold fields unsuccessfully.
14424	The Liberal Party retained John Olsen as the leader, partly because his main competitor, Stan Evans, lost his seat to Independent Liberal Dean Brown.	The Liberal Party retained John Olsen as its leader, partly because his main competitor, Stan Evans, lost his seat to Independent Liberal Dean Brown.	The Liberal Party retained John Olsen as the leader, partly because her main competitor, Stan Evans, lost her seat to Independent Liberal Dean Brown.
14432	The Longmen Wang were a cadet line of the Zhou dynasty that descended from Taiyuan Wang and hailed Wang Yan and his grandson Wang Tong from his cadet lines.	The Longmen Wang were a line of cadets of the Zhou Dynasty, descended from Taiyuan Wang and welcomed Wang Yan and his grandson Wang Tong from his cadet lines.	The Longmen Wang were a cadet line of the Zhou dynasty that descended from Taiyuan Wang and hailed Wang Yan and her grandson Wang Tong from her cadet lines.
14444	On March 8, 2017, Benedi promoted his Spanish La Vida Amiga with a video led by Ivaylo Petkov and announced a new single album in production together with them.	On March 8, 2017, Benedi promoted his Spanish La Vida Amiga with a video directed by Ivaylo Petkov and announced a new album in production together with them.	On March 8, 2017, Benedi promoted her Spanish La Vida Amiga with a video led by Ivaylo Petkov and announced a new single album in production together with them.
14447	After a brief stay in New Orleans with his reported cousin, he moved to New York City.	After a short stay in New Orleans with his cousin, he moved to New York City.	After a brief stay in New Orleans with her reported cousin, he moved to New York City.
14448	The conclusions are that we are all manifestations of one perfect spiritual spirit and of the divine mind, not a material body.	The conclusions are that we are all manifestations of a perfect spiritual spirit and of the divine spirit, not of a material body.	The conclusions are that they are all manifestations of one perfect spiritual spirit and of the divine mind, not a material body.
14449	Isaac was an hundred years old, when his son whom he named Abraham was born, and he circumcised him when he was eight days old.	Isaac was a hundred years old when his son, whom he called Abraham, was born, and he circumcised him when he was eight days old.	Isaac was an hundred years old, when her son whom he named Abraham was born, and he circumcised him when he was eight days old.
14467	All smaller chambers, once they are uninhabited, are used in the method described above to regulate the depth.	All smaller chambers, as soon as they are uninhabited, are used in the method described above to regulate the depth.	All smaller chambers, once we are uninhabited, are used in the method described above to regulate the depth.
14469	Most of our information about Cicero's life and career comes from the contents of Murena's speech.	Most of our information about Cicero's life and career comes from the content of Murena's speech.	Most of their information about Cicero's life and career comes from the contents of Murena's speech.
14472	In 1887 she played the role of the court composer Victorien Sardou in the first production of Giovanni Paisiello's drama La Tosca.	In 1887 she played the role of court composer Victorien Sardou in the first production of Giovanni Paisiello's drama La Tosca.	In 1887 he played the role of the court composer Victorien Sardou in the first production of Giovanni Paisiello's drama La Tosca.
14502	Many people who admit to being common tanners say that they tan to feel good, to look good and relax.	Many people who admit to being ordinary tanners say that they tan to feel good, look good and relax.	Many people who admit to being common tanners say that we tan to feel good, to look good and relax.
14506	In 1983, she graduated from the Glen High School in Pretoria and studied at the Rhodes University in Grahamstown.	She graduated from Glen High School in Pretoria in 1983 and studied at Rhodes University in Grahamstown.	In 1983, he graduated from the Glen High School in Pretoria and studied at the Rhodes University in Grahamstown.
14535	A few weeks later, in an interview with HumansVsZombies.org, Fixell defended his position.	A few weeks later, Fixell defended his position in an interview with HumansVsZombies.org.	A few weeks later, in an interview with HumansVsZombies.org, Fixell defended her position.
14539	Martin (Sebastián) is a 16-year-old young student who is attracted by his coach Javier De Pietro.	Martin (Sebastián) is a 16-year-old student who is attracted by his coach Javier De Pietro.	Martin (Sebastián) is a 16-year-old young student who is attracted by her coach Javier De Pietro.
14557	Shi Jingtang also agreed to treat Emperor Taizong of Liao as his own father, a move that symbolically placed Taizong and the Liao in a superior position.	Shi Jingtang also agreed to treat Emperor Taizong of Liao as his own father, a step that symbolically placed Taizong and the Liao in a superior position.	Shi Jingtang also agreed to treat Emperor Taizong of Liao as her own father, a move that symbolically placed Taizong and the Liao in a superior position.
14563	In 1960, Ardley married Bridget Gantley, and the couple had a daughter, he married Vivian Wilson in 2003 and died in Milford, Derbyshire.	In 1960 Ardley married Bridget Gantley, and the couple had a daughter, he married Vivian Wilson in 2003 and died in Milford, Derbyshire.	In 1960, Ardley married Bridget Gantley, and the couple had a daughter, she married Vivian Wilson in 2003 and died in Milford, Derbyshire.
14566	One day, Elisa Gonzalo begins despite the mishap, he strikes a beautiful friendship that will serve her in difficult times.	One day Elisa Gonzalo begins despite the misfortunes, he meets a beautiful friendship that will serve her in difficult times.	One day, Elisa Gonzalo begins despite the mishap, she strikes a beautiful friendship that will serve her in difficult times.
14585	In the opera Tamino must win tests imposed by Sarastro, Pamina's father, if he is to survive them.	In the opera Tamino of Sarastro, Pamina's father, has to win tests if he wants to survive them.	In the opera Tamino must win tests imposed by Sarastro, Pamina's father, if she is to survive them.
14613	If we know the probability distribution function formula 35, we can calculate the function formula 36 and find the optimal reservation price from it.	If we know the probability distribution function Formula 35, we can calculate the function Formula 36 and find the optimal reservation price from it.	If they know the probability distribution function formula 35, they can calculate the function formula 36 and find the optimal reservation price from it.
14629	After the partition of India in 1947, Bade Ghulam returned to his hometown of Kasur, Pakistan, but went to India in 1957 to live there permanently in 1957.	After the division of India in 1947, Bade Ghulam returned to his hometown of Kasur, Pakistan, but went to India in 1957 to live permanently there in 1957.	After the partition of India in 1947, Bade Ghulam returned to her hometown of Kasur, Pakistan, but went to India in 1957 to live there permanently in 1957.
14666	In 1871, for health reasons, he moved to Santa Barbara, where he first settled in Southern California.	In 1871 he moved to Santa Barbara for health reasons, where he settled in Southern California.	In 1871, for health reasons, she moved to Santa Barbara, where she first settled in Southern California.
14688	They meet Quinito Castañeda (Rafael Rosell) and his friend Danny (Joross Gamboa), who brings them to a beach resort in Cavite.	They meet Quinito Castañeda (Rafael Rosell) and his friend Danny (Joross Gamboa), who takes her to a beach resort in Cavite.	They meet Quinito Castañeda (Rafael Rosell) and her friend Danny (Joross Gamboa), who brings them to a beach resort in Cavite.
14699	Sinclair T. Chitty, his mother, married at the age of 15 his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr..	Sinclair T. Chitty, his mother, married his father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr. at the age of 15.	Sinclair T. Chitty, her mother, married at the age of 15 her father Thomas Kincaid Blake Jr..
14700	In 1953, he married the actress Diane Holland, the sister of actress Gilda Neeltje.	In 1953 he married actress Diane Holland, the sister of actress Gilda Neeltje.	In 1953, she married the actress Diane Holland, the sister of actress Gilda Neeltje.
14703	Some southern states, such as Zhou and Wu, claimed independence from the Chu who led to wars against some of them (Wu and Yue).	Some southern states, such as Zhou and Wu, claimed independence from Chu, which led to wars against some of them (Wu and Yue).	Some southern states, such as Zhou and Wu, claimed independence from the Chu who led to wars against some of us (Wu and Yue).
14707	Göttsche received international acclaim with his formula for the generating function for the Betti numbers of the Hilbert scheme of points on an algebraic surface:	With his formula for the generation function for the Betti numbers of the Hilbert Schema, Göttsche received international recognition from points on an algebraic surface:	Göttsche received international acclaim with her formula for the generating function for the Betti numbers of the Hilbert scheme of points on an algebraic surface:
14711	Ekrem Boyalı is currently living in Konya for his university education with his two brothers, who are practiced by Ali Sarı.	Ekrem Boyalı currently lives in Konya for his university education with his two brothers who are practiced by Ali Sarı.	Ekrem Boyalı is currently living in Konya for her university education with her two brothers, who are practiced by Ali Sarı.
14718	In 2012, Maggie Gee became a professor of creative writing at Bath Spa University, where she shares an office with Professor Weldon.	In 2012, Maggie Gee became a professor of creative writing at Bath Spa University, where she shared an office with Professor Weldon.	In 2012, Maggie Gee became a professor of creative writing at Bath Spa University, where he shares an office with Professor Weldon.
14730	After the takeover of the Nazi regime, he was forced to retire in 1936 as a citizen of evangelical faith with Jewish ancestors.	After taking over the Nazi regime, he had to retire in 1936 as a citizen of the Protestant faith with Jewish ancestors.	After the takeover of the Nazi regime, she was forced to retire in 1936 as a citizen of evangelical faith with Jewish ancestors.
14733	Joseph Medwick Park on the banks of the Rahway River in Woodbridge Township and Carteret in Middlesex County, New Jersey is named as his honor.	Joseph Medwick Park on the banks of the Rahway River in Woodbridge Township and Carteret in Middlesex County, New Jersey is called his honor.	Joseph Medwick Park on the banks of the Rahway River in Woodbridge Township and Carteret in Middlesex County, New Jersey is named as her honor.
14738	Zhu Ci continued to serve under Zhu Xicai, and it was said that because they shared the same surname, Zhu Xicai very trusted him.	Zhu Ci continued to serve under Zhu Xicai, and it was said that because they shared the same surname, Zhu Xicai trusted him very much.	Zhu Ci continued to serve under Zhu Xicai, and it was said that because we shared the same surname, Zhu Xicai very trusted him.
14743	In late 2003 he told an interviewer that his favorite bassists Mike Mills (R. E. M.), Johnny Gayden (Albert Collins Band) and Charles Mingus were.	At the end of 2003, he told an interviewer that his favorite bassists were Mike Mills (R. E. M.), Johnny Gayden (Albert Collins Band) and Charles Mingus.	In late 2003 she told an interviewer that his favorite bassists Mike Mills (R. E. M.), Johnny Gayden (Albert Collins Band) and Charles Mingus were.
14751	There she studied with Tony Smith, Eugene Goossen and Ad Reinhardt and met fellow art students Robert Morris, Carl Andre and Robert Barry.	There she studied with Tony Smith, Eugene Goossen and Ad Reinhardt and met art colleagues Robert Morris, Carl Andre and Robert Barry.	There he studied with Tony Smith, Eugene Goossen and Ad Reinhardt and met fellow art students Robert Morris, Carl Andre and Robert Barry.
14760	In Stockholm, he completed several of the paintings he had outlined on his 1832 Finnmark tour.	In Stockholm he completed some of the paintings he had sketched on his Finnmark tour in 1832.	In Stockholm, she completed several of the paintings she had outlined on his 1832 Finnmark tour.
14790	Another two goals helped Blyth eliminate North Ferriby United from the FA Trophy, and he scored again against Moor Green in the next round.	After two goals Blyth North Ferriby United was eliminated from the FA trophy and scored again in the next round against Moor Green.	Another two goals helped Blyth eliminate North Ferriby United from the FA Trophy, and she scored again against Moor Green in the next round.
14794	In 1972, Leonid Kozlov told film historian Tarkovsky his ten favorite films.	In 1972 Leonid Kozlov told the film historian Tarkovsky his ten favorite films.	In 1972, Leonid Kozlov told film hertorian Tarkovsky her ten favorite films.
14809	After the death of his father, King George, he was elected king in the presence of James Holman on March 4, 1827.	After the death of his father, King George, he was elected king on 4 March 1827 in the presence of James Holman.	After the death of her father, King George, he was elected king in the presence of James Holman on March 4, 1827.
14812	Idharkuthane Aasaipattai Balakumara, directed by Gokul, with Vijay Sethupathi, as Lead was his next.	Idharkuthane Aasaipattai Balakumara, directed by Gokul, with Vijay Sethupathi, as lead was his next.	Idharkuthane Aasaipattai Balakumara, directed by Gokul, with Vijay Sethupathi, as Lead was her next.
14821	At the age of 76 he died in South Africa, in Grahamstown, Cape Province.	At the age of 76 he died in South Africa in Grahamstown, Cape Province.	At the age of 76 she died in South Africa, in Grahamstown, Cape Province.
14847	His mother and his wife left him and followed Henry IV to Germany.	His mother and wife left him and followed Henry IV to Germany.	His mother and her wife left him and followed Henry IV to Germany.
14870	In his Karachi workshop he paints in the open air and draws his ideas on the ground.	In his Karachi workshop, he paints outdoors and draws his ideas to the ground.	In her Karachi workshop he paints in the open air and draws her ideas on the ground.
14904	From 1888 to 1913, he was chairman of the Highfields Divisional Board and chairman of the Highfields Shire Council from 1915 to 1917.	He was chairman of the Highfields Divisional Board from 1888 to 1913 and chairman of the Highfields Shire Council from 1915 to 1917.	From 1888 to 1913, she was chairman of the Highfields Divisional Board and chairman of the Highfields Shire Council from 1915 to 1917.
14943	It is believed that Anna Wilson met Dan in New Orleans to eventually convince her to come with him into Omaha.	It is believed that Anna Wilson met Dan in New Orleans to finally convince her to come with him to Omaha.	It is believed that Anna Wilson met Dan in New Orleans to eventually convince her to come with her into Omaha.
14946	He thinks that Elbow is too accepting while he, himself, believes that the writer should prove himself first.	He thinks that Elbow can be accepted while he himself believes that the writer should prove himself first.	He thinks that Elbow is too accepting while she, himself, believes that the writer should prove himself first.
14959	In 1720 he returned to Augsburg and became Parish Minister of Kaufbeuren in 1723.	In 1720 he returned to Augsburg and in 1723 became pastor of Kaufbeuren.	In 1720 she returned to Augsburg and became Parish Minister of Kaufbeuren in 1723.
14981	She approaches Lance Smart (Peter Vroom), Martin Dibble (Craig Thomson) and Marilyn Chambers (Emily Symons) and they form a band named Image.	She approaches Lance Smart (Peter Vroom), Martin Dibble (Craig Thomson) and Marilyn Chambers (Emily Symons) and forms a band called Image.	She approaches Lance Smart (Peter Vroom), Martin Dibble (Craig Thomson) and Marilyn Chambers (Emily Symons) and we form a band named Image.
14989	He claimed that four Ukrainian soldiers were wounded, while two of his men were killed during the fighting.	He claimed that four Ukrainian soldiers were wounded while two of his men were killed during the fighting.	He claimed that four Ukrainian soldiers were wounded, while two of her men were killed during the fighting.
15005	The tiny institutions they founded would not have found them like universities -- they were small and did not offer the higher degrees in medicine and theology.	The tiny institutions they founded wouldn't have found them like universities -- they were small and didn't offer the higher degrees in medicine and theology.	The tiny institutions we founded would not have found them like universities -- we were small and did not offer the higher degrees in medicine and theology.
15008	He was musically trained at the academy of art in Zurich, where he and others also learned how to use the computer for composing music.	Musically, he was trained at the Academy of Fine Arts in Zurich, where he and others also learned to use the computer to compose music.	He was musically trained at the academy of art in Zurich, where she and others also learned how to use the computer for composing music.
15012	The FBI and the British authorities question Tom about his connection with Frankie.	The FBI and the British authorities are questioning Tom about his connection to Frankie.	The FBI and the British authorities question Tom about her connection with Frankie.
15021	Despite the worldwide fame of her Pippi illustrations, Vang Nyman did not receive as much appreciation from the publication as the author Astrid Lindgren, and she remains fairly unknown.	Despite the worldwide fame of her Pippi illustrations, Vang Nyman did not receive as much recognition from the publication as the author Astrid Lindgren, and she remains quite unknown.	Despite the worldwide fame of her Pippi illustrations, Vang Nyman did not receive as much appreciation from the publication as the author Astrid Lindgren, and he remains fairly unknown.
15022	In the 2006-07 season, Goldwire played with Panellinios from the Greek Basketball League, and in 2009 he joined the Spanish Club CB Girona.	In the 2006–07 season, Goldwire played for Panellinios of the Greek Basketball League, and in 2009 he joined Spanish club CB Girona.	In the 2006-07 season, Goldwire played with Panellinios from the Greek Basketball League, and in 2009 she joined the Spanish Club CB Girona.
15035	He combines his commitments as a professional rugby player with a full-time studies at the University of Birmingham.	He combines his duties as a professional rugby player with a full-time study at the University of Birmingham.	He combines her commitments as a professional rugby player with a full-time studies at the University of Birmingham.
15052	In 1958 and 1967 he won first place at his table, but was the third in 1962.	He won first place at his table in 1958 and 1967, but was the third in 1962.	In 1958 and 1967 she won first place at his table, but was the third in 1962.
15053	He was also trained at the academy of art in Zurich, where he and others musically learned how to use the computer for composing music.	He was also trained at the Kunstakademie in Zurich, where he and others learned musically how to use the computer to compose music.	He was also trained at the academy of art in Zurich, where she and others musically learned how to use the computer for composing music.
15071	Of course, these inscriptions are only dated from the Sixth Dynasty, but it still tells us a little bit about what they have valued.	Of course, these inscriptions are dated only from the sixth dynasty, but it still tells us a little bit about what they appreciated.	Of course, these inscriptions are only dated from the Sixth Dynasty, but it still tells them a little bit about what they have valued.
15091	He started his practice in Lincoln, Nebraska then moved back to Omaha in 1912.	He began his practice in Lincoln, Nebraska then moved back to Omaha in 1912.	He started her practice in Lincoln, Nebraska then moved back to Omaha in 1912.
15113	From 1999 to 2002 she attended the Scott Middle School and from 2002 to 2005 the Lincoln Southwest High School.	She attended Scott Middle School from 1999 to 2002 and Lincoln Southwest High School from 2002 to 2005.	From 1999 to 2002 he attended the Scott Middle School and from 2002 to 2005 the Lincoln Southwest High School.
15127	For example, in Ngapoi, Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme was his family name and Nga-Wang Jigmê his personal name.	In Ngapoi, for example, Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme was his surname and Nga-Wang Jigmê his personal name.	For example, in Ngapoi, Ngapoi Ngawang Jigme was her family name and Nga-Wang Jigmê her personal name.
15136	Ted White used his design from the original Friday the 13th, with the same practice of application as before, but molded from Savini's face.	Ted White used his design from the original Friday the 13th, with the same practice of application as before, but shaped from Savini's face.	Ted White used her design from the original Friday the 13th, with the same practice of application as before, but molded from Savini's face.
15143	As long as they are evaluated as profitable, rich food sources will be advertised by the scouts when they return to the hive.	As long as they are considered profitable, rich sources of food are advertised by the scouts when they return to the hive.	As long as we are evaluated as profitable, rich food sources will be advertised by the scouts when we return to the hive.
15145	He is generally credited as Tashi Wangchuk Tenzing of Australia, sometimes with a note that he is Tenzing's grandson.	He is generally recognized as Tashi Wangchuk Tenzing of Australia, sometimes with a note that he is Tenzing's grandson.	He is generally credited as Tashi Wangchuk Tenzing of Australia, sometimes with a note that she is Tenzing's grandson.
15152	There were others who did as I thought, but we could not speak.	There were others who did what I thought, but we couldn't talk.	There theyre others who did as I thought, but they could not speak.
15170	Liang recommended Jiang Wan as his successor and Jiang Wan as successor to Fei Yi.	Liang recommended Jiang Wan as his successor and Jiang Wan as his successor to Fei Yi.	Liang recommended Jiang Wan as her successor and Jiang Wan as successor to Fei Yi.
15174	He continued his cross country and track career at the Boston English High School and began his career at Boston State College.	He continued his cross-country and track career at Boston English High School and began his career at Boston State College.	He continued her cross country and track career at the Boston English High School and began her career at Boston State College.
15177	He received both his first Bachelor's degree and his Bachelor's degree from Abilene Christian University in the mid 1950's.	He received both his first Bachelor's degree and his Bachelor's degree from Abilene Christian University in the 1950s.	He received both her first Bachelor's degree and her Bachelor's degree from Abilene Christian University in the mid 1950's.
15219	This time, however, they were found in Bolivia a long way from the earlier discoveries of P. unicornis in Peru.	This time, however, they were found in Bolivia far from the earlier discoveries of P. unicornis in Peru.	This time, however, we were found in Bolivia a long way from the earlier discoveries of P. unicornis in Peru.
15228	Of course, these inscriptions are dated only from the Sixth Dynasty, but it still tells us a little bit about what they have valued.	Of course, these inscriptions are dated only from the sixth dynasty, but it still tells us a little bit about what they appreciated.	Of course, these inscriptions are dated only from the Sixth Dynasty, but it still tells them a little bit about what they have valued.
15272	We defeated Georgia Tech, who had bound Tulane, so we are masters... the newspapers, however, more or less generally supported the claim of Auburn...	We defeated Georgia Tech who had tied Tulane, so we're masters... the newspapers, but more or less generally supported the claim of Auburn...	We defeated Georgia Tech, who had bound Tulane, so they are masters... the newspapers, hotheyver, more or less generally supported the claim of Auburn...
15273	Kenny enters the house and frees Jody as Brent fights with Marliston, who manages to brutally kill him.	Kenny enters the house and frees Jody when Brent fights with Marliston, who manages to brutally kill him.	Kenny enters the house and frees Jody as Brent fights with Marliston, who manages to brutally kill her.
15316	It was this title that Lancelot Brenton (his elder brother, John Jervis Brenton, died in 1817) inherited.	It was this title that Lancelot Brenton (his older brother, John Jervis Brenton, died in 1817) inherited.	It was ther title that Lancelot Brenton (her elder brother, John Jervis Brenton, died in 1817) inherited.
15323	Kathryn Lindskoog, an independent Hooper scholar, argued that Lewis's scholarship is not reliable and that he has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis.	Kathryn Lindskoog, an independent Hooper researcher, argued that Lewis' scholarship was not reliable and that he made false statements and attributed fake works to Lewis.	Kathryn Lindskoog, an independent Hooper scholar, argued that Lewis's scholarship is not reliable and that she has made false statements and attributed forged works to Lewis.
15331	Elliott Gould was not exactly my idea from Philip Marlowe, but we were there anyway.	Elliott Gould wasn't exactly my idea of Philip Marlowe, but we were there anyway.	Elliott Gould was not exactly my idea from Philip Marlothey, but they theyre there anyway.
15341	And he has composed music for tens of traditional Arabic literary works, many films and various orchestras.	And he has composed music for dozens of traditional Arabic literary works, many films and various orchestras.	And she has composed music for tens of traditional Arabic literary works, many films and various orchestras.
15367	He wrote and established the Imprenta Rosario, where he and his family published several newspapers.	He wrote and founded the Imprenta Rosario, where he and his family published several newspapers.	He wrote and established the Imprenta Rosario, where she and his family published several newspapers.
15370	He inherited the Gwalior-Gharana and the Gandharva-Mahavidyalaya, but he was always open to taking aesthetic features of other gharanas and styles.	He inherited the Gwalior-Gharana and the Gandharva-Mahavidyalaya, but he was always open to aesthetic features of other Gharanas and styles.	He inherited the Gwalior-Gharana and the Gandharva-Mahavidyalaya, but she was always open to taking aesthetic features of other gharanas and styles.
15372	In 2011, he won third place at the Parapan American Games in Guadalajara, Mexico and another third place at the International Champions Tournament in Charlotte, USA.	In 2011, he won third place at the Parapan American Games in Guadalajara, Mexico, and another third place at the International Champions Tournament in Charlotte, USA.	In 2011, she won third place at the Parapan American Games in Guadalajara, Mexico and another third place at the International Champions Tournament in Charlotte, USA.
15373	The following books were either written by Prior or are posthumous collections of magazine articles and unpublished papers that he wrote:	The following books were either written by Prior or are posthumously collections of journal articles and unpublished papers he wrote:	the following books were either written by Prior or are posthumous collections of magazine articles and unpublished papers that she wrote:
15377	In 1983, she graduated from the Glen High School in Pretoria and studied at the Rhodes University in Grahamstown.	She graduated from Glen High School in Pretoria in 1983 and studied at Rhodes University in Grahamstown.	In 1983, he graduated from the Glen High School in Pretoria and studied at the Rhodes University in Grahamstown.
15381	According to Smith, the Aaronic Priesthood was returned to him and Oliver Cowdery somewhere in the woods near the house on 15 May 1829.	According to Smith, the Aaronic Priesthood was given to him and Oliver Cowdery somewhere in the woods near the house on May 15, 1829.	According to Smith, the Aaronic Priesthood was returned to her and Oliver Cowdery somewhere in the woods near the house on 15 May 1829.
15394	Cooper was born in Los Angeles, California, and lived all his life in Long Beach, California.	Cooper was born in Los Angeles, California, and lived his entire life in Long Beach, California.	Cooper was born in Los Angeles, California, and lived all her life in Long Beach, California.
